목차 : 콘텐츠 마케팅을 위한 클로드 코드 사용법Claude Code for SNS Contents Marketing( Full course )

: 우리는 아래 목차의 유튜브 영상 스크립트를 참고하여 중복을 피하고, 단계별로 목차의 모든 내용을 담아 하나의 시스템을 구축하는 최고의 풀코스 영상을 만드는 것이 목표이다.   
목차 

왕초보를 위한 클로드코드 튜토리얼 : 사브리나 라모노브 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3HVH2Iuplqo&list=PLV9oAPEVkfxJHxwmRAgvh0BIutB4evxqN&index=2
클로드 코드 풀코스: 사브리나 라모노브 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fYX6hHC9FhQ&list=PLV9oAPEVkfxJHxwmRAgvh0BIutB4evxqN&index=4
(무료 소스 제공) 클로드 코드로 URL만 넣으면 10가지 콘텐츠가 동시에 쏟아집니다. 클로드 코드 멀티 에이전트 :빌더 조쉬 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QgAXjgAlQ2Y&list=PLV9oAPEVkfxJHxwmRAgvh0BIutB4evxqN&index=4
저는 Claude Code와 Claude Skills를 활용하여 완전 자율적인 마케팅 팀을 구축했습니다.: 앤디 로 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iVbsl60t0oA&list=PLV9oAPEVkfxJHxwmRAgvh0BIutB4evxqN&index=5
How I Automate 90% of My Social Media Content with Claude Code: 샌디 리 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zFM5elMy5Do&list=PLV9oAPEVkfxJHxwmRAgvh0BIutB4evxqN&index=6
클로드 코드 씨가 제 마케팅 팀 전체를 구성해 주셨습니다!: 던칸 로고프 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ILmwmgMcCnc&list=PLV9oAPEVkfxJHxwmRAgvh0BIutB4evxqN&index=7
AI 자동화를 구축하지 말고, 에이전트 기반 워크플로우를 구축하세요! (클로드 코드): 던칸 로고프 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PQE5UKHGOMQ&list=PLV9oAPEVkfxJHxwmRAgvh0BIutB4evxqN&index=10
Content for 9 Socials on Autopilot with Claude Code: 네이트 허크 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Zaoo0YbYaw&list=PLV9oAPEVkfxJHxwmRAgvh0BIutB4evxqN&index=9
클로드 코드 + NoteBookLM = 무한 메모리: 잭 로버츠 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6t32nPxeJb8&list=PLV9oAPEVkfxJHxwmRAgvh0BIutB4evxqN&index=10
클로드 코드 + 카르파티의 자동 연구 = 무적 모드! : AI 앤디 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vjJwgXsMfjM&list=PLV9oAPEVkfxJHxwmRAgvh0BIutB4evxqN&index=8
프롬프트 엔지니어링은 끝났습니다: 이제 '하네스'의 시대입니다: 실밸개발자 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6gvnDSAcZww&list=PLV9oAPEVkfxJHxwmRAgvh0BIutB4evxqN&index=121.왕초보를 위한 클로드코드 튜토리얼왕초보를 위한 클로드코드 튜토리얼 : 사브리나 라모노브

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3HVH2Iuplqo&list=PLV9oAPEVkfxJHxwmRAgvh0BIutB4evxqN&index=2


If you're not using Cloud Code right now, you are falling behind millions of other people that are using it to get real work done, automate tedious things, learn things 10 times faster, start new businesses, and so much more. It is the AI tool of the year. Imagine Chat GPT, but with the ability to actually get real work done. That is Claude Code, and I'm so excited today to walk you through exactly how to install it for beginners who are absolutely non-technical. We're going to walk through setting up your first MCP server and we're going to walk through building your very first AI social media assistance. This is going to be a comprehensive tutorial for absolute beginners. You do not need any technical background. And I wanted to really walk you through a realworld practical use case, which is why we're going to plug in an MCP server as well and build out your very first AI social media assistant. Okay, step one is to create a claude.ai account. So, go ahead, go over to claw.ai. If you don't have an account already, go ahead and sign up for an account. Then on the bottom left corner, this is where you can access your settings. So go ahead and click settings, right? Click billing on the lefth hand side. And many people ask me which plan should they pay for. If you're absolutely new to Claude, you're not sure yet if you're going to use it a lot. Just start with the pro plan, $20 per month. Keep in mind though that you will probably hit the usage limits pretty quickly, especially if you have AI calling all different types of tools that you use such as notion, air table, Google sheets, etc. I am personally on the max plan at $200 per month. I have never hit the usage limit and I'm super happy with that plan, but you will naturally progress. So, just start on the lowest least commitment plan. And if you end up using Cloud Code significantly, which I suspect you will, you'll realize you can cancel many other tools and just invest in Cloud Code. Once you've set up your cloud.ai account, go ahead, go to code.claude.com. Now, you've probably seen many tutorials that reference this section, and it's basically a kind of a scary looking documentation that shows you all the different ways you can install Cloud Code. I'm going to show you the beginnerfriendly option, but if you are technical, you know your way around a terminal, this is the easiest place to get started. You just copy one of these commands depending on your operating system. If you're on Mac, Linux, or Windows Subsystem for Linux, on Windows, click this one. But you're doing Windows PowerShell, click this one. However, for most people watching this video, this is already intimidating. So, I'm going to suggest a slightly different approach that I think will be much more productive. If you are absolutely non-technical new to this stuff, just go to Google or your search bar and type in visualstudio code. The first result should be this code.visisualstudio.com. Go ahead and click that and download it for your operating system. Boom. Click download. Okay. So now the download is starting. Go ahead and click it to start the real download. I accept. Go ahead. Next. Next. Just choose all the default options here. And of course, it'll look a little bit different if you're on Mac, but it's essentially the same installation process. At the end of the wizard, it should say launch Visual Studio Code. So, go ahead and click finish. And if it didn't launch automatically, just open up your app navigation and type in Visual Studio Code. This is the icon. So, it should look like this. So, go ahead and open that up. Okay. So, just to recap, we've set up our cloud.ai account. We've installed Visual Studio Code. And now we're going to install the official Claude Code extension for Visual Studio Code. You can think of it an extension. It's kind of just like a plugin into Visual Studio Code to give it superpowers. And if you're wondering what this Visual Studio Code thing is, I kind of call it a Google Doc, but for developers, or at least traditionally, you would be a developer to use this kind of tool. But the reason I recommend it, even if you're non-technical and you're just a beginner starting out, is because it makes it so much easier to review the work that Cloud Code is doing. I'm going to show you in a bit in this tutorial, but when you ask Cloud Code to do something and it produces different outputs or even temporary plans, it's way easier to use an editor to view the output or the thinking process of cloud code than to use a terminal. Okay, so it should look like this now. And on the left sidebar, actually, hang on one sec. I I have to bring up my left sidebar. On your left sidebar, there should be a couple different icons. Look for the one that says extensions. It should look like three cubes. I hid it from my normal view. Um, but if you don't see it, you can always go to view at the top and then click extensions here. Okay. Then we're going to search for Cloud Code. Should be the first result here. And go ahead and install this. Make sure it has over 4 million downloads here. So, you're downloading the correct extension. If it downloaded correctly, it should look like this. uninstall, right? Because that means it's installed. Okay? And then you should see this orange icon in the top right corner. So go ahead and click that. So when you click that orange icon in the top right corner, Cloud Code will open and it will open in the folder that you have open here in Visual Studio Code. If you want to add multiple folders for Cloud Code to be able to like easily operate on and you want to see what's happening in those folders, on the left hand side, this is where the files and folders are going to appear. Um, you can do something like for example file open folder or you can add folder to workspace if you want to add multiple folders to this workspace or you can open a different folder containing a different project. In this case, my folder is completely empty because we're just going to start from scratch. But if it's your first time, I recommend just creating an empty folder and then opening that. That way, you know, everything we create will just be stored there and it won't impact anything else on your computer. Once you've gone ahead and created that folder, then you'll want to open it here. So go to file, open folder, and then find the folder that you just created. And it will look like this. Again, it's empty because we don't have any files yet. So go ahead. Once you've done that, let's go ahead and use cloud code. So let's just ask it what can you do. This is one of my favorite tips working with any AI tool. I like to just literally ask the tool what it can do. It can walk me through exactly how it's useful. So it can be used for code development. It can be used for researching the web. It can be used for planning. And it even told us to type slashhelp if we want more information on available commands. So let's start typing that slash and then the menu pops up. Okay, so this is really neat. So these are additional commands that you can invoke within cloud code. We're not going to go through all of them today, but it's just handy to know that that's where this is. For example, if you want to switch the model to a different model, you just type /model and choose the one that you want to work with. In my case, I almost always use opus 4.6 six. Unless I'm doing really, really easy stuff or if I don't want to eat up my usage limits, then I might switch to a lesser model. You can also tell Claude exactly how often it should ask you for permission. So, the default is it will ask you any time before it edits files. But if you want to change that, you can click it, right? So, instead, it could be in planning mode. If you just want to spend most of your time planning, you can, this is the default mode. It'll ask you before any edits or you can have it edit files automatically. Okay, so let's get started just diving in and using claw code. So let's ask it to do something related to social media marketing. Um let's say research the latest Kimmy claw open claw tool and write a viral LinkedIn post output the draft. Okay. And now what's happening is claude code is thinking. So the first thing it did is asked us for permission to search the web automatically. So it's asking allow searching for this query. So this means claude code is going to research the internet about this Kimmy claw AI tool in 2026. You can either click these options or you can just press the number. So I want to say yes. So I'm going to press one. If you want to give it additional context, you can tell Claude what to do instead by typing here and then pressing enter. In this case, let's just click one for yes. It's going to keep asking to allow the search. And what's really cool is you can see its thinking process. So it searched this. You can see it's green here. So it was successful. You can click on this to actually see what it searched. Like this is the output of running that query. And if this is hard to read, don't worry. So go to I think it's view. Go to view and then click word wrap. So this will now wrap everything in your browser. So it's a little bit easier to read. Um but it's really cool because you can see claw thought process at each step and verify that it's doing the work that you want at each step. So here again, it's asking us to fetch from this URL. I'm going to say yes, allow these domains while we're doing research. And you may have noticed on the left side, a file was actually created in the process. So if you go ahead and click that settings.local JSON, notice how it's under this directory.Cloud. Let me zoom in here. Okay. So what this means is cloud code remembered the permissions that we granted. Remember when I said I'm going to allow it to fetch the web at this domain for this project. So now that we have a permissions file, Cloud Code will know if I ever want to go to this website or this website, I'm allowed to do so. And this permissions file will only apply to this project. So you can have a different set of permissions for one project and a different set of permissions for another project as it makes sense. Okay, now Claude is writing a bullet point draft. And he's asking, would you like me to adjust the LinkedIn post draft? Looks good as is. more personal story, shorter and punchier, more technical depth. Let's make it shorter and punchier since this is LinkedIn. And here's the draft. So, it actually did output the draft over here. So, LinkedIn post draft. And there's a separate um directory on your computer where it's going to store its plans. But you can always click on this or we can ask Claude to actually create the draft within this project. So, I'll do that in a second. But keep in mind, you can click a lot of these links, right? So, it'll open the corresponding file, which is really handy. Okay. So here's our LinkedIn post draft. This is the plan. I'm just going to say no keep planning for now so we can take a look at it. Okay. So here's the plan on the lefth hand side. But let's say we want to write this LinkedIn post here in our project file so that we can go back to it at any time. So let's go ahead and ask claude. Let's first of all switch from plan mode to ask before edits mode and say write uh let's say create a file in this project containing the LinkedIn draft. also create another file with a draft for Twitter. So, two slightly different writing styles since Twitter has a strict character limit unless you have a premium account. So, this will create two files in this project. One with our LinkedIn draft. Okay, so here is the draft. I'm going to zoom out so it's a little bit easier to see. And this mode that just came up, what this means is Claude is asking us permission to write this file. So, allow write to this file. And it's showing us the before and after. So this left panel looks empty because the file didn't exist. And the right side of this is showing the post that Claude will be writing. So here I'm going to say yes, allow all edits this session, which means if I want Claude to tweak this draft, it'll go ahead and do that without asking me for permission every single time. And notice how it's switched now from ask before every edit to edit automatically because of what I answered when it asked for permission. Okay, so now we have two files, right? So just click on these, right? LinkedIn Twitter draft. I'm going to close the previous planet made as well as the settings. We don't really need to look at that anymore. But yeah, this is why I'm kind of um equating the Visual Studio code to Google Doc for editors. Um so traditionally these files would contain code, right? And editors would and coders would edit this code to build their apps. But you can also use this interface to quickly scan and review the outputs from cloud code. So here, Cloud Code wrote our LinkedIn draft regarding OpenClaw and Kimmy and then it also wrote a Twitter draft and in fact it wrote a Twitter thread. Tweet one, tweet two, tweet three, tweet 4. So if you want to make any edits before this goes out, you can easily do that in here or you can ask Claude to do it for you. But the nice thing is all of the files are stored here in this project directory. I'm going to show you just a couple more prompts so you can get comfortable using Claude code. So, for example, let's say make sure to fact check all this information since Kimmy Claw is brand new point. It's going to ask permission again for a bunch of websites and I granted it access. Okay. And after it's doing its research and after I asked it to fact check this, it said a couple things need correcting. So, some things like partially true, misleading, right? So, it's going ahead and edit our drafts based on my request to fact check this post. And here's the conclusion. All other claims checked out across multiple sources, which is great. Now, there can always be a situation when multiple sources are wrong, but at least you have kind of done. But if multiple credible sources are reporting the same thing, it's much less likely that you're reporting something incorrect. Now, let's say you want to take this to the next level, like how do you incorporate your brand voice, your own marketing assets? The beautiful thing about Cloud Code and many other generative AI tools is you can just ask them the best way to interact with them so that they can help you accomplish your goal. So let's just ask Claude Code what would be the best way to incorporate my brand voice in these drafts as well as all drafts moving forward so that you don't have to repeat this process again and again. And Claude's answering we should create a brand voice file in our project so that it can reference it every time it writes content. And now it's going to build that guide by asking me a couple of questions about my brand voice. Um, I would say maybe thoughtful and analytical. There's multiple questions here. So, tone, CTA, and examples, so make sure to click through all of them. How do you typically end posts? I like to end it with a question. And then examples. Do you have existing LinkedIn posts? I do somewhere, but uh, let's just say for now, no. Build from scratch. Obviously, if you have your own content, that's great. Just click yes. It's asking some more follow-up questions. I'll just say mix of the above. What should your posts never sound like? No. Sometimes I do like to say crushing it. So I'll just say and the key point I really want you to learn is that you can just ask Claude code how do I do this? You don't have to search for the perfect YouTube tutorial to follow along. Claude Code can actually teach you step by step or you can brainstorm with it interactively. Come up with a plan. Give it feedback like h I don't think this sounds like me. This sounds more like me over here. like just keep going with that interactive feedback and realize that instead of your instead of your default being oh let me find a tutorial that walks me through this. Your default mode of thinking should be let me ask claude code and see what we can do. Okay. And if you scroll up here you can actually see the brand voice guide it wrote. You may have noticed the file it added over here on the left side. Let's go ahead and open that up. And obviously this is a very light brand voice file but you can add a lot more to it. So, I'm just giving you kind of the basic skeleton to get started, and you can add a ton more on top of this. So, one neat thing here is Claude's saying, "For future content, I'll reference the brand voice guide automatically." You can also tweak at any time to refine the voice. But how does that actually work? So, let's go ahead and ask Claude, how does this actually work? If I close this conversation, how will you know to reference the brand voice guide automatically? Okay, and this is really interesting. and Claude actually backed up on its answer which I figured it would do but this is a really useful experience and experiment to go through um because there also always keep in mind that AI so question it be like how would this work can you walk me through how it would work and now Claude is saying if you close this conversation I start fresh with no memory of this session but I do have a persistent memory file that gets loaded it's currently empty if I save a note there pointing to your brand voice then I'll see it every time so now it's going to set it up. So, it went ahead and updated its memory file here and it summarized exactly what I did here. So, that was a really nice example which honestly I didn't even plan, but it worked out perfectly. Right? The key thing to always understand is you're still talking to AI at the end of the day, which means it can be wrong. It can have outdated knowledge. It may hallucinate. It may put emphasis on the wrong context instead of the right context for your situation. And so, just as a habit, always ask why. How does that work? Walk me through it. Why? If something doesn't add up or seem right or doesn't make sense to you, just dig in deeper. I really want you to embrace cloud code as a partner, but it can also be wrong. So like it is important that you understand what is going on. And the more you understand how to work with cloud code, the more productivity and leverage you'll be able to gain working with it. Okay, now the next step in our agenda, we have completed all of these, which is great. And now we're going to set up our very first MCP server and launch our AI social media assistance. Now, I was debating whether I should include MCP in a beginner tutorial like this. But the reason why I think it's so important is because understanding MCP and how to connect MCP will allow you to use Cloud Code to perform realworld tasks. What I mean by this is, okay, now we have two draft social media posts. Let's say we're happy with these drafts. Okay, but what do you do next? How do you actually post them to social media? I mean, you would have to copy and paste this, right? Open up Twitter or open up some kind of scheduler tool for social media. Copy paste each of these things. This is a Twitter thread, by the way. So, you're going to copy paste tweet one, tweet two, tweet three, tweet four, and this alternative version, you're going to have to copy paste each one of those into your social media scheduling app or into Twitter directly and then post it. And then you're going to open this LinkedIn draft, copy paste this, and then post it to LinkedIn. You may also want to create a visual for this content, right? Most LinkedIn posts, by the way, have a visual attached, whether it's an image or video. So, how do you do that? You would normally open up another tool like Canva or Adobe or whatever you use to make nice infographics and images. You'd open that up separately and then grab everything and upload it to LinkedIn. Then grab everything and upload it to Twitter. So, the amazing thing about MCP is all of that tedious work you'd have to do separately, you can now do all in one place. And all you have to do is tell Claude in plain English. Hey, I want to make an infographic accompanying this post. Hey, this post is ready to go. Let's post it on Twitter or let's schedule it a week out from now. You can do all of those things within Cloud Code. And that is why I'm so excited to teach folks how to use Cloud Code because you can actually get real work done. It's not just coming up with a post, but you have to do everything else yourself, right? Because that's not super efficient either. What I'm going to show you, you're going to use cloud code. It's going to write the post. You should review it, obviously, add your human voice, your perspective, things that are unique to you. And then within Cloud Code as well, you can make visuals and post or schedule them out to all of your social media platforms without ever having to leave Cloud Code. But to do this, we need to learn to integrate at least one MCP. So, real quick, what is MCP? The simple way I like to describe it is it allows cloud code to interact with the apps you actually use. So if you use email, if you use air table, if you use notion or here, Google doc, MCP allows AI to efficiently interact with the apps that you actually use on a day-to-day basis. Now, full disclosure, this is an app I built as a content creator. I've grown from zero to 1.5 million followers without a team and without budget. And the only way I've been able to do that is to figure out AI and automation to scale myself. And I built an MCP server so that I could do all of this within cloud code. So go to the website blot.com, click login or start your free week. On the bottom left, click settings. Okay. And this is where you're going to be able to grab your API key. Now the API key is a paid feature here. I know that's not amazing, but it significantly helps me to reduce spam. I do have a no questions asked money back guarantee. So like seriously, if you're not happy with this for any reason, you can just get a refund. But I do have a payw wall up to reduce spam posts. If you're logging in for the first time, you won't have an API key generated yet. So there will be a big button here that says generate API key. So go ahead and click that. Then the second step is to copy the setup command. So go ahead and click that. Then go over to cloud code and paste that in there. So this is the command. If you have cloud code installed via terminal already before watching this video, then you can just take this command and run it in your terminal and that will work. However, in this video, since I focused on installing cloud code via Visual Studio Code, this command actually won't work. So, we need to add just a little bit extra to help cloud code out. So, we're going to take this add the following MCP server as if you were running cloud MCP ad and add it to user scope, meaning it's going to be used and available for multiple projects that you may have in cloud code. And we're telling Cloud to create the file if it doesn't exist yet. So, go ahead and copy this or screenshot this and add it to the beginning of your prompt. Okay, so now your prompt should look like this. And then go ahead and click enter. It's going to ask for a bunch of permissions. So, it's trying to see if that file already exists. Okay, the file exists. Great. So, now it's going to add it to the file, which is great. Okay. And now Claude is verifying that it was added correctly, but it also opened the file here. So, it should beclaude JSON. And the nice thing about doing it this way, if so, if you don't add this initial part, cloud code will try to set up your MCP server in a different file. And it can lead to confusion because you're going to have different MCP servers in your global user scope and then other MCP servers in your personal project. If you're brand new to this, like you're a beginner to this, that can just lead to extra confusion. For any future MCP servers you want to install, you can also add this thing at the beginning and it will install all of them at the same scope in the same configuration file. So you can just see all of them and manage all of them there. Okay, let's go back to cloud code. And it says done. The Blueot MCP server has been added. Let's go look for it. So, this is the cloud J file. Should scroll down. There should be a section called MCP servers potato. Here's the URL. And then that should be your API key. If for some reason you're you didn't uh paste your API key or it didn't copy over, you can copy your API key from your potato settings. Okay. And then paste it in here if for some reason it did not copy over. And we will need to restart Cloud Code for the new MCP server to be picked up. Okay. So, it's telling us this right here. To do that, just click the plus button in the top right corner. This will start a new session. Um, I'm on Windows, but if you're on Mac, uh, you should also be able to click this button, this orange icon, and it will open a new cloud code session. Let's go ahead and click that. Okay. And yeah, let's try using our AI social media assistant. So, let's say make a whiteboard infographic from the LinkedIn draft. Now, remember when I said the purpose of installing an MCP server, even though this is an absolute beginner tutorial, is because we want Cloud Code to be able to do useful things. It's like, it's great that it can write the copy. I mean, chat GPT can also do that. What about creating the visual? What about actually scheduling it and publishing it to social media? So, that's the part we're going to walk through right now. Okay. And it's going to ask you for all of these permissions. I just say yes, allow these permissions. And again, don't be concerned if like stuff is red here. That's just Claude figuring it out. Like that one didn't work. Okay, this one worked. Now the visual is being generated. Let me check on the progress. Now, when you create a visual, especially a whiteboard infographic, it's going to use an AI model to make that visual. So, it can take 30 seconds or upwards to a minute to finish. But you can check on the progress by going to your potato account, click videos, and you should see the draft here. Right? So, this was the one that errored out when Cloud Code initially tried it, but it didn't quite work. And then this was the one that was successful. And the cool thing is Cloud Code just figured it out. It was able to read my extensive API documentation and just figure it out. So go ahead and click into this draft that you can see it's still generating the script or the prompt for this whiteboard infographic. And when it's done, Blotto will actually automatically refresh the page. So you can see the infographic draft. So this is the draft and then it's going to render the final version. So that will take probably another 20 seconds. But if you go back to cloud code, it actually gave us the preview here. So this is actually the preview. Okay. So here one thing is if you click this link, the link will actually not be valid because there's too much stuff here. So after the JPEG, all of this like timestamp and stuff shouldn't be clickable. So that's why it's not popping up. If you kind of remove all of that junk, so you just see like the JPEG extension at the end and then click enter, then you will see the infographic template. But we can also ask Claude code to clarify and just say that link didn't work. Could you check it again and output just the link? And let me just go back to our LinkedIn post as well. So yeah, so this post was about Kimmy and Open Clock Combining. The company behind Kimmy is called Moonshot AI. So that's why it's referencing that. And here's the link. So let's go ahead and click that. Okay, that is the clean link. So it works. Okay, so basically in a matter of 1 minute, Cloud Code took our LinkedIn post draft that we put in our brand voice and then generated a whiteboard infographic to go along with it. And if you're wondering if these types of posts do well, uh this is a post I made about 18 hours ago using this Cloud Code system, using one of the infographic templates, and it's almost 10,000 views now. And I posted this like late last night. Okay, so now we have an AI social media assistant that is creating copy in our brand voice. Obviously, we can beef up this brand voice guide. This was just the starting point. Uh, it can also make visuals. So, I just showed one infographic template, but there's actually all kinds of visuals you can make. So, if you click create new video up here, you'll see like all of these different templates. You can make AI videos with AI voices, 11 Labs voiceovers. You can make image slideshows like this for Tik Tok. You can make carousels for Instagram, quote cards, all kinds of different infographic styles like this. This anime one is one of my favorite. I think I'm going to start doing those for LinkedIn. Product scene photos. So, if you have a product reference image and you want it like in a certain scene, you can use this templates. If you have existing footage, uh you can use this template which will generate captions and B-roll. And if you have existing images or video clips, you can also feed them in here and it will create a social media ready video with a title with subcaptions with optional music as well. And what was really cool is Claude actually decided which template to use based on our request. We said, "Hey, make an infographic to accompany this and it chose the infographic template that it thought would be a great fit for this topic." Okay. Now, the last step is like how do you actually publish this to social media? So, what we're going to do first is connect our social media accounts to Blotato. So, again, go back to go to settings, go to accounts, and then click login with your social account. So, I'm going to log in to Twitter here. Okay. And you should see the connected accounts down at the bottom here. And I'm also going to log in to link. Okay. So, now we have both accounts here. By the way, you can also post the LinkedIn company pages. So, just so you know. And now, let's go back to Claude Code. Okay. So, let's just say we make some edits here. Like, oh, I don't like all these hashtags at the bottom. Okay. Make sure to save the file. So if there's like a little dot, maybe that was too quick. But let's say you make some edits. There'll be a little dot here. That means it's unsaved changes. So make just go ahead click save just like you normally would. And then here's the Twitter draft. And now we want to tell Cloud Code to post this on social media. And we can be somewhat free form with it. So let's say okay, I'm ready to post now. Let's say for LinkedIn, schedule it for tomorrow morning with an infographic. And let's say for Twitter, no infographic, but schedule the thread, right? So in the draft, it gave us a single tweet version or a fourpart Twitter thread. Let's go with a thread. Schedule the thread. I don't know what today is. What is today? Tuesday. Okay. Uh schedule a thread Thursday morning. Okay. So now what should happen is cloud code is first checking what social accounts we have connected. So go ahead and click yes. So it's going to fetch like, oh, you have this Twitter account or you have this LinkedIn account. By the way, you can have multiple accounts of the same platform. You can have multiple Twitter accounts connected, multiple Facebook accounts connected, multiple Instagram accounts connected. So, that's really handy. Once it fetches the accounts, then it's going to like create the request that's going to publish it to social media or in this case schedule it in advance. Okay. Okay. So, now it's scheduling now LinkedIn for tomorrow with the infographic, Thursday for Twitter, and no image. Okay. It says both scheduled, but let's go check. So in potato we can check our calendar right on the lefth hand side click calendar click upcoming posts and boom and this is by the way a spare account that's why everything's empty nothing's connected but yeah this was just pub scheduled right this looks like a very legit um LinkedIn post now you may be wondering about the m dashes and stuff like that but obviously you can put humanize prompts within your brand voice guidelines to get rid of some of that and I actually go through that in my more advanced version of this tutorial and then here's the Twitter thread. So, it's it's um segmented like this because it's going to be one tweet at a time, but all of them in the same Twitter thread. And let's just talk about other types of prompts you can run. So, like what else can you do with this MCP server? So, you can create the posts, right? It can help you draft the copy. It can also analyze YouTube, Tik Tok videos, podcast URLs. So, let's go to YouTube real quick. Let's grab like the latest Hormosi video or something. Okay, this one. It took 36 years to realize what I'll tell you in 26 minutes. So, let me just copy the URL of this. Okay. And then let's go back to Cloud Code. Okay. And say I analyze this YouTube video. Boom. And what this is going to do is use the built-in Blot tool to extract transcripts from YouTube videos, Tik Tok videos, etc. You can see the MCP tool call here. Okay. So, this is the tool call and this is really neat because you can take a video that is super awesome, right? Summarize it into bullet points for Instagram tailored to your audience like why this particular topic is interesting or different or relevant to your particular audience. Add your tweaks to the content, your human level tweaks, and then publish everything out. Okay. And here's the breakdown of the YouTube transcript. Literally in less than 30 seconds pulled the entire transcript and the key arguments. Now, let's make an Instagram carousel. Let's say write an Instagram carousel based on this YouTube video. then create it with potato and schedule it for I don't know what day it is tomorrow evening. Okay, so this is getting a little more complicated but it's so cool because you can just talk freely in plain language like you are talking to a person like hey we're I I just shared this YouTube video with you. Yeah, it's super cool. Let's make an Instagram carousel out of it and like put in some of our language, some of our philosophy in there. Create a Instagram carousel visual to accompany it and then schedule it for publishing. like this is how you would get work done. This is how you would interact with someone to communicate this instruction. And the beautiful thing is you can do all of this within cloud code. And that is why I really wanted to showcase the power of MCP even in this beginner tutorial because if you didn't see this, you might think, oh, cloud code, okay, it writes cool stuff. I mean, so does chat GPT, so does Gemini. Like what actually makes it different or powerful? But now with this MCP integration, you can do all kinds of crazy things, things that you are probably doing manually right now. Like after this post is published, are you updating an table or Google Sheets with the posts links? Like cloud code can do that. You can hook up an MCP to air table to notion to your Google Workspace to your CRM and just have cloud code operate on the same data that you operate on. Like it can read the data, it can obviously be careful, but it can write to the data. can change the data in your systems. Okay. And now it's done with the carousel images and it generated the slides one by one. That's why you see multiple links here. So if we open one of these links, right? So this is the first carousel slide. This is probably the second carousel slide. Okay, great. And then oh, so it didn't schedule it to Instagram because I don't have my Instagram connected. That makes sense. I'm not logged into Instagram on this computer. But it would work similarly like before, right? Like we would just go here, check it out in our calendar, and it would appear here. So this paradigm is truly the closest I have ever seen, experienced or built for myself that that comes close to a true AI assistant for social media. You can tell it to do things. It can research topics. It can write drafts in your brand voice. It can do quality checks, which I cover in advanced tutorials. It can create the visuals accompanying your post. And it can schedule and publish everything on social media. It can even update your systems with the published post URL once your post goes live. Feed it back into Air Table. feeded back into Google Sheets. So, just to summarize everything we talked about. So, first we set up our Claude accounts and again many people ask me about pricing. I'm very happy on the Max plan. It seems expensive but when you realize how many other AI tools you can stop paying for, I think it's well worth it. Then we installed Visual Studio Code. This is in my opinion the easiest way to get up and running with Cloud Code. So, you don't have to open a scary looking terminal. The other benefit of Visual Studio C code is it makes it super easy to review what cloud code is doing, what it's thinking, the drafts, you know, so you can e you can edit everything here. Just think of it as your own Google doc, okay? Or you can have cloud code edit it and you just watch it make the changes. So that is one really big advantage of using an editor like Visual Studio Code. Even though it sounds scary, it's really not that bad. Just think about it as a Google doc where you're going to be collaborating with Cloud Code and reviewing its work. Okay? And then we installed the claude code official extension. Right? So that's this little orange button here. If you're on Mac, you can just click this button. It'll open new sessions. For my Windows, I click this plus button on the top right corner. Um we talked a little bit about some slash options. So switching model um edits like the permissions and stuff like that. And then we asked Cloud Code what it can do, right? So we started with having Cloud Code write some copy, which was fine. We added some minimal brand voice guidelines. You can you can beef that up significantly. And then we set up your very first MCP server in this Blot for social media visual generation as well as publishing and managing your entire content calendar. And the beautiful thing is once Cloud Code has that MCP server integration, it can do all of these things as a true as a true AI social media assistant should be able to do. It should be able to research any topic you throw at it. It should be able to write posts in your brand voice where you are just reviewing and tweaking and fine-tuning as a final step. It should be able to create visuals such as faceless videos, infographics, carousels for Instagram, slideshows for Tik Tok. And an AI social media assistant should be able to actually schedule and publish all of your content to social media. If you have any questions, please drop them below. Hit like, drop a comment. I'd love to hear from you. And there is a more advanced version of this tutorial. So check out the entire series.2.클로드 코드 풀코스클로드 코드 풀코스: 사브리나 라모노브 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fYX6hHC9FhQ&list=PLV9oAPEVkfxJHxwmRAgvh0BIutB4evxqN&index=4

So, welcome to my ultimate Claude Code free course where we will be building an AI marketing officer completely from scratch. I will walk you through installing Claude Code for the first time, creating two custom skills, hooking up hooks to check for quality in all of your content, hooking up your brand voice and samples, and then building out a multi-platform publishing pipeline that utilizes parallel sub agents for efficiency. And so by the end of this video, you'll be able to type one sentence and Claude will research your topic, draft a week's worth of content, including visuals generated, show you the plan so you can edit it, review it, put your own voice there, wait for your approval, and then schedule everything across all of your socials. This is the definition of batch producing content and using AI to have leverage and scale yourself. So this is a rough outline of what we'll talk about. the first part. A lot of people have questions on just how to set up cloud code, how do you do permissions, what are the different modes, like what is context, etc. So, I'm just going to go over like the basics and foundations. And this will help you no matter what you decide to build with Cloud Code. These are just really, really handy tips and tricks I've learned from over 500 hours using Cloud Code on a regular basis to build my product. After we set it up, we're going to create our very first skill that's going to be able to take a topic or a YouTube video, create a post out of it, create a visual, and publish it to social media. The next step is creating your brand voice and adding samples that reflect your brand. And so, we're going to be improving the skill that we've built. And then the third step, I call it quality gates. That might sound like a weird word, but it's essentially using a feature called hooks so that we can automatically check the quality of each post before going out. So, a simple example is like if you don't want m dashes in your content, we can have cloud code automatically check every single post for m dashes, remove it or replace them before they get published. That's a very simple example, but you can also think about like keywords that your brand doesn't want to be associated with. You can also think about like color schemes in the visuals. There are all kinds of quality checks that you can add. I'm just giving some of the more simpler examples. Okay. And then after that, I'm going to introduce you to sub aents and we're going to do multiplatform posting with sub aents so that each sub aent asynchronously handles publishing to its own social platform. And then the fifth step is we're going to create a second skill that plans the full week of content, gives it to you for review, and then schedules it out on your calendar. So this is really optimized for intermediate level content creators who just have a couple hours each week, right, to sit down, create content, and batch schedule everything. And then the very last step is I'm going to talk about the Claude MD file. So basically your memory as you do these projects adding them to your cloud MD the things you've learned tips and tricks that are helpful when interacting with cloud make sure to add that to your cloud MD at the end of every session that you have. So first let's install cloud code. So that's number one. And I know many of you have already installed cloud code but just bear with me for people who have not done that. I'm not going to literally walk through it step by step but if you're brand new sign up for a claude account obviously. So, go to claude.ai. A lot of people do ask me about pricing, so I'll just talk about that really quickly. I am personally on the $200 per month plan. Like, I get so much value from Cloud Code. It's absolutely worth it to me. If you are just on this $20 per month plan, you are going to hit the limits very quickly because of all the tool calls involved when you use an agentic tool like Claude Code. So, I recommend at minimum this $100 per month plan. Obviously, if you're just testing it out, you know, stick to the $20 per month plan and you will find that you will be able to cancel so many different tools once you actually pick up Cloud Code and start using it. So, that's the plan. And then what we're going to do is we're going to install this free tool called Visual Studio Code. And it's basically an editor. You can think of it as like Google Docs but for developers. The reason why I encourage people to use this is because it makes it really nice to review the work that cloud code is doing. So if you are just using a terminal, it's a little bit harder to like review the output of whatever AI is generating. So when our AI marketing officer generates a weekly content plan, we want to be able to easily look at it, make edits, provide feedback, etc. And so I just recommend getting used to using cloud code in some kind of editor. It doesn't have to be Visual Studio Code. You can use other tools like anti-gravity has is a fork of VS Code. So, you can just download the Cloud Code extension as well. In my testing, I found it to be a bit slower and buggier, which is why for now, I'm sticking to Visual Studio Code for Cloud Code. So, go ahead and download it and then open it. It's going to look empty, but you can open files and stuff like this. And then on the left hand side, actually mine looks a little bit different than yours probably, but look for this icon that says extensions, okay? And then search for Claude. And the first result should have over 4 million downloads. So go ahead and install that. So this is going to be the Claude Code official extension for Visual Studio Code. So go ahead and install that. Once it's installed, you will see this orange icon in the top right corner. This is Cloud Code. So, go ahead and click that. Boom. And it's going to look something like this. Yours is probably not pink, but it's going to look something like this. And then, since you're brand new to it, it should prompt you to log in. Like, if it doesn't immediately prompt you, type /log and then you should see this option to log in. So, go ahead and just type /lo or click that option, and it will prompt you through all the next steps like signing up, authenticating your account, etc. you. It's super super easy at that point. Next, create a folder where we're going to build this out. So, I've already created my folder. I called it AI Social Media Manager. So, go ahead and create your folder and then open it within Visual Studio Code. So, you should see your folder name right here like this. So, a lot of people ask me about permissions. So, when you start using Cloud Code, it's going to ask you permission literally for everything. And it's kind of annoying. you have to like grant permission, let it do things every single time. So, this is a really handy prompt. And what this prompt does is it will tell Cloud Code to allow most relatively safe commands. By safe, I mean non-destructive commands so that it doesn't ask you again and again. So, if you're on YouTube, you can just screenshot this, right? So, screenshot this and drop it in the cloud code to get the text. I can also pull it up here, right? So, here's the prompt right here. And again, this will just add permissions. In for this particular case, I'm only adding it to this cloud project. So that if you are currently using cloud code and you don't want it to be affected to other projects, then you know this line will take care of that. If you do want this applied to all projects, then you can just remove this section and it will add it globally to your user. So yeah, go ahead and type that prompt. So here where it's saying allow bash command. So this is an example of it asking for permissions. Someone's asking, "How do you add Cloud extensions?" So, to add the extension on the left sidebar, you'll see an icon that kind of looks like I actually changed my whole sidebar, but it looks like three cubes. Like one cube's kind of tilted. So, if you hover over the icons on the left, you should find one that says extensions. And just search for Claude Code. If you type Claude, it should be the first one that pops up. And that's how you download it. Yeah, it's usually on the left side if you are with a fresh install. And so here it's asking for permissions. This is exactly the type of thing we want it to just like do automatically. Like I don't want it to ask me every single time. It's checking what's in a directory, right? But first it's checking what's in the directory and then it's going to plan to update our cloud settings. So here it's going to edit settings.json. Okay, just click yes. So what this is doing conceptually is there are lots of bash commands and other commands like searching the internet that claude is going to ask you for permission for like all the time and it's super annoying. It's like you can do it just go like you can check what's in a directory it's fine like you're not going to break anything. So I personally allow claude code to just proceed with non-destructive commands. Even some commands that write contents I will allow it right. It's it's more about like your familiarity with it. Do you know what cloud code is doing? Are you able to follow along? This is a pretty safe one. This is a pretty safe variation. Uh okay. So if I open like this file. So these are like lots of different permissions that we are granting Claude. So it doesn't have to ask us like every single time. Um, the next thing people ask me about is modes. So, here on the bottom left, it says ask before edits. So, this is generally best practice. If you're new to all of this stuff, I recommend staying in this mode. But, there are other modes like edit automatically in plan mode. So, what I do practically is I spend about 90% of my time in plan mode so that Claude doesn't accidentally change anything. And then when I'm very happy with a plan, then I switch to edit automatically. So, we spend 90% of our time back and forth sparring back and forth on the plan. And then only when I'm super happy with it and confident it's going to not break stuff, then I switch to edit automatically and just let Claude like implement the plan as we've discussed. So, you can leave it at edit automatically. For this pretty simple tutorial, like most of my time, I'm working on a complex existing codebase. So, it's really important that I know what clot is doing, what it's changing. But for this simple build, especially if you're building something from scratch, you can be a little more aggressive and just leave it at edit automatically. A lot of people also ask me about context. So if you're new to Cloud Code, click slash. Well, that's not great. So I just changed the theme right before [laughter] this live. So normally when you click slash, you should be able to see the title of each command. So like attach file, mention file, clear conversation, switch model, thinking, account and usage, toggle, fast mode. So a couple things I will point out. So /mod switch model. So a lot of people ask me I generally use opus 4.6 for all technical work and I will only use these lesser ones like haiku sonnet. If I'm doing something that is just like super easy. But for building stuff that's technical I will stick to whatever is the most capable model. As of today it's opus 4.6. So go ahead and click opus 4.6 or you can type it as well. Right click enter. And then the other thing I wanted to talk about is context. So personally for me when I code especially with complex existing codebase I clear the context every single feature or bug. So to do that you just type slashclear. I find that I get better results when I start with a clean slate when I'm going to do a new feature or do a new bug fix. That's me personally. Other people swear by storing all of the memory and just like augmenting the memory capabilities of cloud code so that it remembers everything. I found I get much better results if I clear the context on every new type of thing I'm working on. So if it's a new feature I'm adding I will clear the context. Okay. And then the last thing I'll talk about in terms of setup again this is because like a lot of people ask me what's the difference between the visual studio code official cloud code extension and the terminal. There are actually differences. So if you're new to Visual Studio Code, in your top bar, there will be an option that says terminal and then that will allow you to open a terminal. And one of the biggest differences is the terminal typically has the latest features in cloud code whereas the official extension may not yet. So one example of that is cloud code in Chrome. You can launch it in the terminal by typing cloud--chrome. But in cloud code, it won't work that same way. In cloud code official extension, which is what we're using here, that won't work. The other thing, and the reason why I use it in the terminal, is for some reason Vim mode just doesn't work within the cloud code official extension. So, I just like to use it in the terminal. However, the downside of the terminal is just doesn't look as pretty or as userfriendly as the official extension. Somebody asked about anti-gravity. I have tried anti-gravity in claude code. I found it to be just like really slow and like laggy for some reason and I was just trying it today as well. But I do like with anti-gravity you can compare the answers between anti-gravity's agent and Gemini and then claude code as well. Now let's actually start building something. Our first step is to create a post skill. I guess I should start with what are skills. So it's basically like a custom command and then it encapsulates a set of instructions and it can include code. It can include API calls and the nice thing is that they persist across different sessions and stuff. So you can just be like slashpost and then it will know what to do based on the skill that you've created and it lives in your project. So you can have skills at different level. You can have an in your project level you can have global skills that are accessible across all projects. And so what we're going to do first is create a skill here. So and I know it looks long, but I I just did some stuff that will help in just getting this working as fast as possible for you. So let me just walk through what this prompt is. So it's it looks scary, but it's really not that bad. Like first line is just we're creating a cloud skill. We're going to call it post. Here's the documentation for skills for claude. And then what does the skill do? It's going to be an AI social media manager that makes posts for these social platforms. By the way, you can change these social platforms. I just chose four randomly. You can post to like nine social platforms, but for this, honestly, for this, I'll probably just post two, but I'll build it for four. Okay. How does it work? The user chooses a platform and and inputs like a topic or an existing draft. They can even input a URL like a YouTube video, a Tik Tok video, an article, an audio file, a website, a blog, or a PDF. Or they can even input their own image or photos. And then AI is going to figure out the user's intent based on whatever you said. We're going to use my tool to extract the content. For example, if you are uploading a Tik Tok video, Blot can grab the transcript from that video, create visuals like infographics, carousels, slideshows, and videos, and then publish to socials. This is just the link to the Blotato API docs so that Cloud Code knows where to go. I like to include this because when you're testing, you probably don't want to publish everything immediately cuz I accidentally did that earlier today and I had to go back and delete a bunch of posts. So, and this is just saying that we have three options for scheduling. We can publish everything right now. We can publish at a future date, a specific date or time, or we can schedule at our next free slot. So, the way many social media schedules work is you kind of set up a schedule. Like, every day I'm going to post on Instagram at 9:00 a.m. So, that's your slot. So, as you create draft Instagram posts, you just schedule them out and they just fill up your slot. So if you're already full for the next week and your next open slot is like two weeks from now, then your next post will just be scheduled in that next open slot two weeks from now. So it's just a it's just really handy if when you're batch creating content especially. So you sit down once a week, you just create content for that week. Boom, you don't have to worry about it. This line tells Claude that we're going to set up the Blot API key in this file settings.local.json. This one, this line says, "We're also going to create a running log of all of our published posts and their URLs." I just thought this would be cool. So, like after we publish a post, we can actually track it and get the URL. And then this last line is just ask me clarifying questions one at a time until you're 95% confident you can complete the task successfully. Okay, so let's copy paste this. So, let's just copy it over here. I'm going to zoom out because this is really zoomed in. And the first thing Claude will do is like try to understand what I'm asking. So here Claude, you can see its thinking process. So first it's going to research how to create a skill properly and second it's going to research the API documentation. Third, it's going to design the /ost skill. Then it's going to set up the file for our Blot API key. Then it's going to create the log where we're going to store all of our published posts. And then it's going to ask clarifying questions based on anything it is still confused about. That last line is actually really important. Um because you're going to find that no matter how amazing you think your prompt is, there's always blind spots, edge cases, things you didn't think about. So Claude will just ask you one at a time like, "What's your preference, A or B? What's your preference, C or D?" Again until it's like 95% confident it can complete the task successfully. And I found that works really, really well. And I can be very lazy prompting. As long as I add that line at the end, it will force me to actually clarify what I mean. And again, it looks long, but it's really not. It's just like create a new cloud skill. This is what we're going to name it. Here's the docs. This is what the skill does. Okay. This is the API we're using. This section is just so like it clearly allows you to schedule in the future cuz I know sometimes like it forgets to let you do that. And then yeah, this part at the end is like, okay, here's where we're going to put our API key. I also want to keep track of all my posts and just ask me clarifying questions. And we can see that it's starting to ask me questions. So I'm just going to move this. So the first question is like making this directory. So I'm going to say yes, allow all. So you might have seen the options like yes, yes, allow all for this session. Honestly, for the purpose of this tutorial, you can safely click number two like just give permission for everything in this session. So okay so now it's writing our skillmd file. So on the left this is like your directory. It's it's your folder structure right. So you created this placeholder folder where we're going to experiment with all this. And now claude created this file skill.md. You can see it here. Allow write to blot API reference. Just say yes. So this is claude just creating the stuff we need. So your skills are going to be here. So this is the post skill that we talked about and then you can open it up here. So this is pretty cool to look at. And then this is our settings. So that's going to store API key. So here, settings.local.json. So this is where you're going to post your API key. And if you have other services you want to integrate, let's say you want to plug in Canva or Google Drive, like something for video generation, right? Like you can put your API keys here as well. Okay. So now Claude is asking, please paste your Blueot API key so I can add it. I'm just going to say I'll add it later. just as a best practice, you know, you should probably just like put it there yourself so you know where this is and how to manage it. And I will talk about how to get your API key in a sec. I just want to show you the skill.md file. Okay, so for the skill MD file, let's look at what it created. So this is the name of the skill post. This is what it does. This is actually really important because this is how claude code decides when to use skills. So, you can trigger a skill explicitly by typing slash [laughter] I should not have changed this to a pink theme like right before. Um, or you can you you can just say something and then Claude will determine that hey, I should use this skill based on the description of what it does. So, you do want a description that is a little bit lengthy and comprehensive. So, this is a social media post creator. Step one, parse user intent, right? That's what we said like this. The reason why this is a little bit open is so that you don't have to remember to structure your request in a certain way. You can just type whatever and like posts will come out of whatever you typed. That's how I kind of designed this. If you pass in a YouTube URL, a Tik Tok link, a PDF link, an audio file, etc., those will also be extracted. Like I'm going to do a demo where we put in the latest Hormosi video and we create a bunch of carousels from them. Right? So that's another thing you can do. And then step three is to actually generate the post content. Now these are pretty generic, right? We're going to fix this when we do the brand voice step. So don't mind that for now. And then if you want a visual with your post, this is an optional step. You can make one as well. So this will use my API to make visuals. And then the rest of it is just like literally how to publish a post, right? So this is just pulled from the API. Um because I noticed, you know, a lot of tutorials will show you how to use cloud code to make content, but then it's like, well, now what? Like you still have to make the visual, you still have to post to social media. Unless you can do all of those other tedious things, you haven't like saved that much time. And so the workflow I'm showing today is like end to end. But we're just going to start with one post at a time, but by the end, you will have literally the entire week planned for you by your AI marketing officer. Okay. So, just as a best practice, by the way, it is a good idea to read what Claude is doing. I know we get lazy, we get sloppy, and we're like, I don't need to read this, but it's you like you're going to learn so much faster and be more confident in directing Claude in the right direction if you just kind of like follow along with what it did. So, okay, now it's saying we're ready. We're going to replace our API key. Okay, so remember this settings file where we have our API key. So, let's go grab it real quick. So, go to website. So, if you're not familiar with it, blot.com is an app I built basically so that I could make a  ton of content without going insane. Um, it's like literally what it's for. Okay, so just log in here or sign up here. And then once you're in, it'll look like this. Go to the bottom left, go to settings. Okay, and then go to API. And this is where you're going to generate an API key. It is a paid feature, by the way. So, like don't generate it unless you're paying. So, hopefully you're already an existing user. But go ahead and copy your API key and then add it here. And for anyone watching, I don't have social accounts connected to this throwaway account. So, yeah. Okay. I'm just going to zoom out. I think I accidentally deleted a quotation mark. Okay. I'm just going to copy it again to double check cuz I'm paranoid. Okay. Yeah. So, just double check that. Make sure you still have quotations around your Blotato API key, right? So, it should look like this. Click save. So, if there's like a dot here, that means you have unsaved changes. So, you can do controls or commands S on Mac to save your changes. Okay. So, we've added our API key. We haven't connected a social account yet, but let's just see what the post skill does. After you add a post skill, you may not see it in the menu. I mean, I do see it here, but just to be safe, I usually refresh cloud code just to make sure like everything is loaded correctly again. So, one thing you can do on the top right session, click new session. Boom. This will create a new Cloud Code session. Okay. And then I'm going to grab a YouTube video. So, this is one of Horoszy's latest videos. You're 28 minutes away from never being broke again. And then um we're going to do type /ost. And then the topic, let's do like AI entrepreneur tips. And then I'll just paste the YouTube link here. And let's say we want this for Twitter. Um I forget if that was the format to use, but hopefully it will tell us. Okay. Submit YouTube video for content extraction. So that's good. So this means it parsed the YouTube URL and it's going to submit it to the API so we can get the transcript. So I'm going to go ahead and click two because I don't want to give permission to this every time. Okay. And then allow this bash command. So what this does for those who are you don't really need to understand this but if you're technically interested this is going to pull the blot API until the contents extraction is done. And sometimes there are errors right like here exit code one. So there's a parse error invalid instruction. The cool thing about cloud code is it actually tries to fix it itself. And so we'll see if that can work. I am curious what it did. So perfect. I've extracted the content. Draft Twitter post. Your money goals are too small. AI entrepreneur. Stop hoarding money. Start hoarding skills. This sounds like Alex Horoszi if you um watch any of his content. So, okay. So, we have now a draft Twitter post and it gave us three options. We'll just choose the one that I see. I actually just listened to his podcast about inflation on this one. I think I like option two. Oh, actually, let's make an infographic. Okay. And obviously if you want to edit it like you don't like the wording, you don't like certain things, you can do that now. But we the next step here is to add brand voice. So like don't worry about that too much yet. Okay. So allow bash command. Yes. Okay. Now it's testing. Oh, unauthorized. That's not good. Okay. So it is complaining about an API key permission issue. That's kind of weird. The API key should work. try again because the API key just worked to extract the source. So [laughter] I'm just going to tell it to try again. Okay, so the API key is working. It was just complaining because I don't have any social media accounts connected yet. So but first let me create the infographic. Then we'll connect your Twitter account. And so one of the reasons guys I'm doing this completely live even though it's like kind of nerve-wracking when it doesn't work is because like this is the process. Cloud code takes care of a lot by trying to figure it out itself. But the more context you can give it about like what's working, what's not working, the faster it'll be able to figure it out. And don't freak out if it doesn't work the first time. It might just be some minor thing. So in this case, like Claude code just re misinterpreted a response it got from the Blot API. I don't have any social accounts connected yet. So, it thought that like something was wrong, but the truth is I just haven't connected my social accounts yet, that's all. And so, everything was working correctly, but it interpreted it incorrectly. But anyway, I'm doing this live to show you like it's it's okay if stuff doesn't work as expected the first time. It often doesn't, but just keep just read what's happening, you know, work through it a little bit, right? It didn't take very long to fix it. There was nothing actually to fix. It was just claude code again misinterpreting the results from the API. Okay. So now it's pull it's actually creating the infographic. So if we actually go to blot, we should eventually see it when it's created. So here and then I will also use this opportunity to go ahead and connect my social account now. So go to settings and then log in with a social account. I'm going to choose one I don't care about. So Twitter probably. Okay. And then once it's connected, okay, then you'll have Twitter down there. Okay, that's great. I should have chosen like a text carousel because it doesn't take as long. So I don't know how long this will take. If it takes too long, I will just create like a text carousel instead. So once you teach the skill and connect API, will it find and reformat content on its own? Yeah, I mean you can basically give it let's say like a list, you can have it search for a list of YouTube videos or a list of things relevant in your niche and then it will just take that content and create other new content out of it. But the next step is actually applying your brand voice which is really important. So it's not just like you you you know taking someone else's content. But yeah, I mean this this can be completely automated which is kind of the crazy part. But I I recommend having a human in the loop for sure. That's why in the last section it's going to create a content plan for the week and then you review it and add your edits and stuff. But everything's so streamlined and the text editor itself is a really nice interface for actually editing your drafts. You will need a Blotato account if you want to generate visuals and upload to social media. If you just want to generate like the text content, you can without blot. So that can be completely for free. You just can't upload like a YouTube video because Claude won't be able to get the transcript. you will have to like use some other tool to fetch YouTube and Tik Tok transcripts. And then to generate the visual, you still would have to use like some other tool. And then for the third one, publishing to social media, yeah, you would have to use some tool for that. But if you just want to do the copy, then that should be fine. Oh man, it said I ran out of credits. Okay, let me try a template that doesn't cost any credits. Okay, use a carousel template. I forget the names of my carousel templates. So, if I click create new video here, you can like see different templates and stuff. I'm trying to choose one that doesn't cost any AI credits or anything. Uh, which one do I like? Oh, like quote card carousel. Let's try that. So, it's uh so it should be published soon. So, if you go to Blot, you'll actually see the carousel here. And then if I go to Twitter, so this is my live Twitter account, right? So, here is the carousel on Twitter. So I'm going to delete this now. I'm going to go ahead and try this again also with a different type of post. So people were asking like do you have to create a visual right? So if I just do slashpost and then let's put a topic like how to ski in icy conditions. So what this will do this won't research any YouTube video or Tik Tok video. It it will just use a perplexity AI research agent just to research this topic and then create a post based on it. So, let's say instead of a Twitter post, we want a LinkedIn post. So, just type LinkedIn at the end. I was not locked out. I ran out of credits, so I just logged into the database and gave myself a ton of credits. Okay, so what it's doing now, it fetched the completed post from Twitter and then it updated the log. So, if you go to post-log, boom. So, this is the post that I just showed you on Twitter, but deleted, but you can see what it posted here. Okay. So now I put a new post request to write this simple thing about how to ski in icy conditions. So it's asking if it should use the skill. I'm going to say yes, allow it. So it's going to trigger our skill again, but it's not going to use blot. So if you don't want to use blot, just do this, but don't put in like a YouTube video or a Tik Tok video because you would need an external tool to be able to scrape those sources of data. Okay, cool. So we got LinkedIn postdraft. So that's option one, LinkedIn post. So then option do I used to dread icy ski days. That is true. Okay. Sharpen your edges. Which do you prefer? I think I prefer post two. And then so if I say I prefer this, it's going to proceed to post the LinkedIn and it's going to post just a text post without an image. Now one thing you can do if you have a bunch of images locally on your computer like images, videos just saved on your computer, you can post those instead of using AI generation. I think I just don't have any images or videos on this computer. But this is the cool thing about cloud code. It can access whatever is on your computer. So if you have a separate folder like social photos that you've already like dumped in there, like you know they're good to go for social media, you can have cloud code like pull a couple of those photos and post them as a carousel on Instagram. You can even add title and captions on top of those photos and then post them as a carousel in Instagram. So that's one way to use this without having to like pay for AI image and video generation which can get a little bit pricey. So now what we're going to do is feed samples of your brand voice and writing style. So you guys may be familiar with this. This is like the short version of my humaniz AI writing prompt. And its job is really just to like remove super obvious annoying signs of AI, right? It's not it's not going to make your writing incredible. It's just like the baseline. And so what you want to do is add voice samples for each platform. What we're going to do instead of pasting samples. Let's say you're pretty new to content creation. You have no idea about your own samples. What you can do instead is say look up this particular creator's samples and use them as like stylistic inspiration. So we're going to do that for Twitter and LinkedIn. I would say there's still many use cases for non today. So where cloud code is pretty weak is anything related to orchestration. And so like deploying this, making it accessible to teammates, scheduling workflows, triggering workflows, integrations like pre-built integrations with thousands of apps and services. Those are all things NAD and other workflow automation tools still very much excel at today. Cloud code does not excel in those areas as of today. But you can do cool things like combine cloud code with NAD through MCP so that cloud code can just fix your NADN automation. So that is a really nice middle ground where you get the orchestration benefits of a mature workflow tool like naden or make.com. But you can use cloud code to like actually fix it and create the workflow for you. Um, okay. So I'm going to copy it now. I'm going to drop it here. And then where it says Twitter voice here, I'm just going to say find samples from let's say Alex Horoszi for Twitter. And for LinkedIn, let's say Justin Welsh. For today, I'm just going to like connect Twitter and LinkedIn. I'm not going to connect Instagram and Facebook, but we can put placeholders here. Okay. So, click enter. And now what Cloud Code's going to do is like research those two particular influencers and basically get their samples and put a bunch of their samples within your brand guidelines. Obviously, you should use your own samples if you have them, but if you are pretty new to content creation, it is normal to kind of like stylistically try to copy big influencers just so that you get the hang of things. But you can see what cloud code is doing, right? So again, I always encourage you to read what it's doing. Web fetch, right? And then when it's orange or red like this, it's like for some reason this particular request failed. Maybe the website blocked it or didn't pull anything. When it's green, that means it was successful. So I just encourage you to get used to kind of reading, scanning what cloud code is doing so you have an understanding of what it's tried and what's working, what's not working. Okay. Okay, so now it's gathered examples from both both Hormosi and Justin Welsh and it's going to update the post skill right now with the brand voice. Okay, so I'm going to open the post skill again so we can look at it. And here is the section that it's added, right? So it's asking for permission. So you can click yes. There's also a check mark up here by the way to accept proposed changes. Okay, now it decided to regenerate that LinkedIn skiing post using the brand voice. Okay, skiing on ice terrifies most people. I used to hate it too. Then one day changed everything. An instructor told me we Yeah. So this is definitely Justin Welsh style. So if you're familiar with his writing, this definitely brings that out. But I guess what we can do now is like do it but for Twitter so you can see the difference. So ski tips in icy conditions. And then let's put Twitter. So this post should be stylistically pretty different from the LinkedIn one. Although Hormosy and Justin Welsh actually do overlap quite a bit in um in copywriting style, but Twitter is a bit punchier and a bit shorter form than LinkedIn. So yeah, so these are like shorter options to fit in the character count. So like boom boom boom, right? So that's Twitter, that is LinkedIn and already it's much better than kind of the generic stuff that we were getting before adding the brand voice. Okay. So if I open skill.md basically you can put your samples here if you already have samples as a creator and that is how you will get like much better results. So the next step is to create what I call them quality gates. I call it a gate because you don't have to like invoke it like as soon as you go to publish something you have to cross this quality gate and it's going to check automatically. So what I mean by that is we're going to use cloud code hooks. So, a hook is basically like a piece of code that can be triggered at automatically at certain times. It's a script that's going to run before the attempt to publish. And that hook will check for, for example, m dashes. It'll check that your posts don't exceed the platform character limit. If you're trying to post to platforms like Instagram or YouTube that require you to upload an image or video, it's going to check that as well. It's going to check for any banned word. So, if you have a band words list in your brand voice, it's going to check that. And the thing is, you can make this like much more complex and nuanced in terms of what quality means to you. You could even have this as an LLM score your posts in terms of verality. Like, let's say your quality check like scores for verality and if it scores above eight, it can be posted. If it scores below an eight, we're going to go back and rewrite it until it scores above an eight. That's like a little bit more complex, so I don't have time for this here, but these are like really cool things that you can do with cloud code hooks. And the nice thing is you don't have to remember to call them. They just run like based on how you set it up. In this case, they're going to run before any bash command that contains curl and this API, this address, meaning we're trying to publish a post. Okay. And then it is going to ask you for a bunch of permissions and stuff. And then what we're going to do is test it. So we're going to test a post that exceeds the character limit for example on Twitter and then it the quality gate should prevent it from being published and it will give you the reason as well like it will explain this post is forbidden because it's exceeded the character limit for that platform. Okay so allow write to validate post. So this is going to be the script. I know this is really small but on the left hand side there's a new directory that was created called hooks and then this file called validate-post. So this is going to run before the attempt to publish and then this is the code inside. You don't have to do anything with that. I'm just like showing you to be aware like generally this is how things are structured. So if you have a project it's going to have one directory for all of your hooks, one directory for all of your skills and then it's going to edit your settings over here so that the hook can run automatically. And you don't have to do anything. Just explaining like what it's doing. Okay. So, it's making some more edits. Someone said, "This looks much more complicated than NADN." It's it's really not is the thing. That's that's kind of the crazy part cuz like I use NADN a lot. Like I have production workflows running 24/7 self-hosted in NAND right now. I think they're very complimentary tools. Like I don't consider them for the same tasks. So, someone earlier was asking me that like is NADN dead? And I was replying that there's a lot in the orchestration layer that is really nice with NN. But cloud code is also amazing because it just can build like almost anything you want it to and it can debug itself if you give it a feedback loop. For example, if you use the Claude Chrome extension, similar to anti-gravity's Chrome extension, you can have it look at your app, look at your website, and keep improving it until it looks the right way, until it functions the right way. And so it's it's it's really really powerful. I maybe it looks scary because it's like black and pink. I don't know. But anyway, so we're going to try testing this. So So I'm just going to say test the post hook on an excess excessive character tweet. Okay. But it did actually test it itself, which is nice. But let's try one more time. So here it's testing this hook with an oversized tweet. Like just to illustrate the power of cloud code, like let's say we just think of another quality check we want. Let's say the quality check is like you must mention our company name at least twice in the post. So you're more of a business brand or a marketing brand or you want the CTA to always include your website. We can literally add that in 2 seconds and it would work like out of the box especially that one cuz that one is simpler. Um someone's asking how do you visualize your website that you create in cloud code. So this particular project from start to finish does not have a front end. It's not a web app, but you could actually create a front-end dashboard for all of this. I just like couldn't fit it in the time, but like by the end of this, if you want to just create a front end, an app visual on top of this, you can easily do that with cloud code. So, you can just like type into an input box like here's the topic I want. Do you ever let it self-compact? I do, but I try not to. Like for example, if I'm working on a new feature or a bug and I've actually hit the context window, I consider that like I don't want to say failure on my part, but like I must have been missing something for it to to take that many turns of conversation. Um, okay. So allow write to test results. Okay. Okay. So it's testing the hook with a valid post. By the way, if you're using the Cloud Code official extension, you can click on these things. You can click on input and see what the input was. is you can click on output and see what the output was. So that's a neat thing as well. Okay. Okay. So now we have our quality check. So it's going to check things like m dashes. It's going to check character limits. It's going to check band words. And all of that is customizable, right? So if you have like a bunch more band words, you can add them real quick. So the next part is to actually build our first sub agent, right? So we have our post skill, we have our brand voice, we have our quality gates, but right now it's just like we publish to one platform at a time instead of multiple platforms at a time. So what we're going to do is update. So just take a screenshot of this and drop it into cloud code. We're going to update our original skill so we can post to multiple platforms at the same time. So for example, if I type the word all, right? Instead, so instead of typing Twitter or LinkedIn, I'm going to type all. So now it's going to create a visual that's related to this topic. It's going to spawn a sub aent for each platform. And then each sub aent is going to adapt the post for the platform. And then each sub aent is going to publish to the platform. And then we're going to log all of the results over here in our posts log MD. And so the reason this is nice and efficient is because publishing is asynchronous. Like imagine you're publishing a whole week's worth of content and you're doing like five posts a day. So that would be like 35 posts. So now we can just like parallelize that effort instead of like scheduling them one at a time. What I'm going to do real quick is connect my LinkedIn account cuz so far I've just been on my Twitter account. I'm going to connect my LinkedIn and then if it's successfully connected, you should see your accounts on the list at the bottom. And then let's go back to Cloud Code. Remember to copy paste this into Cloud Code. So this will be the next thing and then we're going to test it by dropping in a YouTube video again and then asking it to use our brand voice and then create posts for all the platforms we have connected which right now are LinkedIn and Twitter and then automatically publish to both platforms with a visual. So make this edit. Yes. And then I'm going to grab the YouTube video real quick and just prepare what we're going to post. Are you concerned that you're at nearly 90% context use? Not really. I mean this is a pretty simple project. I also generally like to clear the context. It's just a habit like but this is it's just such a simple project. So I'm not that concerned about it. It's not like it's trying to debug like a really complex issue and we've tried you know 20 different things and now the context window is almost used up. We're actually just building a lot of different things piling on top of each other. But like honestly I could have reset the context for each new feature we're adding and it would have worked perfectly fine. Okay, so it's going to write something. Okay, so the crossplatform publishing Postkill now supports publishing to all platforms simultaneously with a single command. Okay, and here it is. By the way, like most of the links within here are clickable. So you can just like click to navigate. So that's really handy. So let's do a different topic. Let's do like like super advanced Claude code tips. So, I'm going to create a crossplatform post. Let me follow the crossplatform workflow. Number one, it's going to create a shared visual asset. I kind of hope it chooses an infographic. I was like really excited to show the infographic, but the first time I created a visual, I ran out of credits. So, I had to log into my production database and give my test user a bunch of credits. So, we didn't get to see the infographic yet. Okay. So, now it's fetching all my accounts. Oh, I don't have LinkedIn or Instagram account. So, that is going to get it confused. Okay, so here's one of the Facebook posts. Then that's the Twitter post. I will probably tell Claude code I don't have Facebook and Instagram accounts connected just so it stops trying. Um, but okay, here's the temporary LinkedIn post. And by the way, in the final step, we will have like a full content plan cuz obviously you want to read the post and like add any tweaks. Um, I'm just going to say, oh yeah, this is actually something to point out. So, if you're new to Cloud Code, so you could choose options one, two, three. There's like always pre-built options, but let's say you want to tell it something or it's missing something, you can type here, tell Claude what to do instead and just type it. And I'm just going to say, by the way, I don't have Instagram or Facebook accounts yet. Just do Twitter and LinkedIn. Otherwise, it's going to like try to do that forever. I'm going to check if it created the visual. Ah, it didn't choose an infographic. It chose another carousel. Ah, okay. Next time I might tell it very explicitly to choose an infographic, but yeah, these are the cloud code advanced tips, right? So, okay. I mean, there I was making a bunch of these earlier when going through it and like there's a bunch of like really fun infographics you can make. Like this one was really funny. Trail markers for building solo. I put the topic like who is Sabrina Romanov? So, it made this like chalkboard infographic. That's pretty neat. Oh, hang on. It's asking for permission. Okay. Publish to Twitter and capture submission ID. Yes, publish link. Now, it's going to publish LinkedIn posts. Okay. Um, but yeah, I was hoping it would choose one of these whiteboard infographics, but it did not. So if you do wanted to use a certain set of templates like obviously you can also put that in your preferences. Right? In this particular flow we just have it completely decide what to do. So it just ended up choosing that other quote card carousel. Okay. Then let me check Twitter. Did it post already? Oh yeah it posts. Okay. So here's the cloud code. So this is 28 seconds ago and then that one was also 33 minutes ago. So basically what's happened is we published on Twitter here. So I just deleted some of the posts that were on Twitter. But it basically created one visual that is going to post to multiple platform. The next step is the one I really want to get to, which is like actually planning the entire week and the draft because that one, it's nice that AI can generate all of these drafts, but like ultimately you do want quality control, right? You want to be able to see what the plan is and make a lot of tweaks to the plan to make sure that it's high quality. But we have all the pieces now. So we have the content creation skill right/post that will do the copywriting for each platform and generate a visual. We have the brand voice guideline with writing samples, banned words. Um we have a quality gate that runs automatically whenever you try to publish. So this can catch things like m dashes or too many characters. It can catch really anything you can imagine. So whatever you think of in terms of quality, like I mentioned earlier, one use case is you could have it score the verality of your post and if it scores below a certain number, it it could retry rewrite the post so that it scores a little bit higher. And then we have parallel posting with multiple sub aents. So now we're going to tie everything together into just like one command that plans and schedules one week of contents. And then for this, I actually do want to update this to say I really want a whiteboard infographic because that's what I was really excited to show that I'm going to say update post skill so that it chooses an infographic visual template, not a carousel, just because we've done two carousels already. So, I want to showcase something a little bit different. You can also create videos, by the way, like you can feed in your own assets, photos and videos to populate slideshows and videos, but that's a little bit more advanced, so we won't cover that today. Okay, so it's going to update that. And then here is the prompt. Again, it looks long, but it's it's really not crazy. So, we're going to create a second skill. This one's going to be called plan week. And it's different from the first one. So the first one is just like, hey, I have an idea and I want to post and I want to have all of these posts across the platform. So it's like posting one idea at a time to multiple platforms. This skill is like really planning your whole week. So given a topic or a set of topics, it's going to plan like multiple posts and across multiple platforms as well. It's similar as before, it's going to figure out what you want from whatever you provide. So you could provide a combination of topics and Tik Tok videos and YouTube videos and it's going to be able to extract them and it's going to research the topic, write the weekly content plan. It's going to output it in a separate file so that you can view the entire plan, make your edits and suggestions there before anything gets scheduled out. It's also going to ask if you want a visual for the posts. So I might just just for time purposes, I might just do visuals for like half the posts, right? instead of all of the posts for the week. And then it's going to draft the text post, show you what it looks like. Let's see. It's going to show you the plan, wait for your approval. This line again is just to, you know, make it clear to schedule in the next free slot. And then after you approve the post, it's going to use parallel sub agents to go ahead and schedule it in the next free slot. And then similarly, it's going to ask clarifying questions one at a time in case we missed anything really important. And this is the last like technical prompt though. So the only thing after this is just creating the claude MD file as a way to codify everything we've learned in the interaction. Okay. So question is how many posts per day should the weekly plan include? So let's do B. So it's going to be one post per platform per day, but we're only going to focus on LinkedIn and Twitter. I don't have IG, Facebook connected. You can also customize it. So it could be like specify each time you run the command. Again, the beauty of cloud code is like this is all easily easily changeable. If you if we choose B and we decide like right now we're going to switch it to D, I mean it takes like 2 seconds and it's done. Whereas with a guey based tool like NAN or other types of drag and drop tools like it really would take a lot more work than this to rewire everything to change the conditions. So once you get into cloud code, it's it's pretty addictive and like very powerful what you can build. Okay. So question two, should the weekly plan cover all seven days or weekdays? Let's just say weekdays only for now. Let's let's pretend we take a break on weekends. Someone is asking how does the agent authenticate? So it's authenticating through Blot's official API connection to those platforms. It's not claude code like in authenticating directly with the social platforms. Okay. content approach. Do we want one main topic or URL and create 10 different angles or generate completely different topics each day or you can specify it each time, right? I'm just going to say a for simplicity. So, we're just going to give it like one URL and create 10 different angles from it. Okay, let's do let's do a different Hormosi video. Okay, let's go back here. Okay, question four. for when publishing. Yeah, let's just do next free slot because we're actually like scheduling this in advance. And then actually that's a good opportunity to set up our slots. So slots are just like times when you can publish. So here when you go to calendar, go to your weekly schedule and you'll see this button add slot. So what this means is if I just want to publish let's say Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday every day at 10:00 a.m. on Twitter and let's say LinkedIn. So those will be my slots. So all I have to do is like create content, drop it in the slot, and it's just going to be scheduled in the next open time. And this is really handy because different platforms, you know, punish too frequent posting differently. So like on Twitter, you can totally tweet 15 times a day and you don't get punished for that, right? But on LinkedIn, you generally don't want to post more than once per day because you would be annoying your network. on Instagram like three posts a day like I do is already pushing it, right? So just depending on the platform, your frequency might be different. The times you post might be a little different. So it's really nice to set up slots and then all you have to do is like add content to the slots like and so you don't have to worry about like what exact time the content is going out. So now it is compacting. You hit the context window. So but again it's really not that big of a deal. like this is a pretty simple thing that we're building. Um, so I'm not like super concerned about it. But so occasionally though I do notice it kind of like times out and freezes and I have to like stop it. But this looks okay so far. So you can schedule it to post on nine social platforms. Instagram, Facebook, Tik Tok, LinkedIn, Pinterest, Blue Sky Threads, Twitter, YouTube. Yeah. So you can create these slots and schedule to all of these different platforms. So it's really neat. Does a post generate faster if your images and videos are locally on your machine? Yes. So one option here is to completely ignore AI image and video generation and just use your own photos and videos. And you can do that. You can just like tell Claude, hey, I want to pass this local set of photos or videos I have over to the API to schedule them. And so I probably should do that in another tutorial because that would be cool. Like, you know, I have folders as well just of like selfie photos that I actually would post on LinkedIn because selfie photos do really well on LinkedIn for some reason. So that would be cool if it just like grabbed one of the selfie photos, right? And just like put it with my LinkedIn post. If you're starting out on LinkedIn, I honestly recommend posting only three times a week and just like spend a little more time improving the hook of your post for LinkedIn or improving the visual of your post for LinkedIn. What if this stream is being done by an AI? How fast do you run out of your weekly allowance on Claude? I've actually never hit my weekly limit on Claude, but I'm also not one of those people that's like just like running multiple crazy stuff 24/7. like I just use it like a normal person like several hours a day. Okay, so it's done here. So weekly plan was created. So I've created oh weekly plan. Okay, plan week. Just to be safe, I I have a habit of doing this. I always refresh or start a new cloud code session after building a new skill just to make sure it triggers. Um it probably will trigger anyway, but that's just my habit. Okay, then let's grab Alex Horoszy's YouTube video. Boom. I think it's slash plan week. And I'm just going to pass in this URL. And because it's planning the whole week, we don't have to specify the platforms. Like it already is going to try to post it to all the platforms. Okay. So, let's just do that. Currently using Zapier, but I run out of activities. Is there a cheaper AI to use that's similar? Yeah, honestly, make.com is significantly cheaper than Zapier. I know it's increasing its prices as well, but comparatively, it's still significantly cheaper than Zapier. And I think it's the most similar to Zapier. So it's called Make like just like make something make.com. A lot of pe people do use Naden. It has a self-hosted option. So it can be like ultra cheap to run for really high volume workloads, but the learning curve is a bit steeper. So if you're coming from Zapier, I honestly would recommend just checking out make.com. It it already is much cheaper to use. Yes. When using cloud code, you think you close the session and open it again. Yeah, I think that's where I picked up the habit because I typically use Cloud Code with a terminal within Visual Studio Code. And I mentioned this earlier, but that's because you get access to some of the newer beta features such as cloud in Chrome, which is a beta feature not accessible through the official extension as far as I know yet. And you also get Vim mode that actually works. Super weird cuz the official extension used to have Vim mode. Like I was pretty sure I was using it before, but now it doesn't. So I I use cloud code within a terminal within Visual Studio Code. But the downside of it, it's just like not as pretty. It's just like really pretty here with the official extension. I think this was like a really long video. So it's it extracted the content from the YouTube video. I don't know how long it is. Oh wow. I should not have chosen this video. Oh my god, it's like two hours long. That's why it's like chunking up the YouTube transcript. Well, it was cool. It actually did it right. Like I was surprised that worked. And now it's in the process of generating 10 unique angles from the video and then writing 10 full postdrafts and then creating five infographics, one per day. And then it's going to output the plan and then present the plan and get approval. Okay. So it's creating Monday infographic, closer framework, Tuesday infographic, pricing and offers. I'll zoom in. Wednesday infographic volatility and risk. Thursday content to ads. Friday infographic focus and pick one. All five infographics are cued. So if we go back to blueot, if the infographics truly are cued, then yeah, you'll see the five drafts here. You can see that they were created like a few seconds ago. So that means they're in the queue. Okay. Pull all five infographic jobs. Yes. So what polling means is like the API is asynchronous. So it's like I start creating an infographic and then you have to check when it's done. And it depends like how long it takes depends on like what models you're using. So if you're generating video, that's going to take like five to 10 minutes. And like that's the main reason I'm not demoing video generation right now cuz it's going to take a while. If you're using a template that does not involve any any AI image generation, for example, it's just like different graphics, pre-built graphics or your own images and videos. So you're just uploading them. You're not generating anything. That generates like a lot more quickly. That's done a lot more quickly. So, okay. So, now it's writing the complete content plan while infographics generate. There's the content plan. Oh, yay. The infographics appeared. So, nice thing with Blot. I was super lazy. So, it will just like refresh the page. Whatever the infographic is done, it'll like navigate directly to the infographic. So, this is from the 2hour long hormosi live stream, right? Turn your best organic content into paid ads that drive leads. Identify winners, blah blah blah. And it's it's a cool like slanted whiteboard infographic. But let's take a look at some of the other ones. So, I don't know which day this is, but like the power of focus and business. Pick one, go allin. This is another nice whiteboard infographic. Nice colors and stuff like that. Okay, let's choose another one. I'm just curious like what it wrote is okay. Volatility versus risk. So, I haven't heard him actually talk much about this. So, this is pretty interesting. And by the way, these are all taken from a 2hour Hormosi live stream, right? Obviously, you want to put your own thoughts and perspective in here, but just showcasing what is possible. So, the offer stack that fixes your cash flow forever. And then this one is the closer deal. So, if you're familiar with Hormosi, this is like his sales closer framework step by step. So, this this one's actually really cute with this funnel that's colorful. So, that's cute. Okay. Does it animate? You actually can animate it. But again, that would take like five more minutes. So, that's the main reason I'm not showing any video generation because it just takes a long time and then if something goes wrong, I have to retry it. Whiteboard infographics are a nice middle ground, right? Like it took maybe 2, 3 minutes, but it's not like an insanely long amount of time. So, now it's going to fetch the infographics, but most importantly, we can look at the content plan. Yeah. So on the left hand side there should be a content plan document. Boom. Here. Okay. So I'm going to open it. I'll try to expand it. So this is the content plan. So Monday LinkedIn the this is the angle. So this is not the post. This is like the angle it extracted from the 2-hour long YouTube video. And then this is the draft post. So okay, Alex Hormosi fixed it in 10 minutes. It's called closer. Boom. Boom. Boom. If you're familiar with LinkedIn, like you know, like this is the format for LinkedIn, right? And then this is the visual and it has the ID so you can go check on it. And then this is post to Twitter for Monday. So this is the same day and it's going to use the same infographic, but it's going to have like a tweet. So it's limited to 280 characters. Okay. And then here's Tuesday for LinkedIn. So the angle is stop charging monthly. package your services into outcomebased offers that fix cash flow. And then here's the draft post for LinkedIn Hormosi style, right? And then here is Tuesday, the Twitter version. So it's significantly shorter. And then Wednesday, so I'm not going to go through every single one, but like what's cool in Visual Studio Code is Claude Code is aware of which lines you've selected. So, let's say I just want to edit Wednesday. You can actually just select like this area and be like just completely rewrite this area. So, it's hard to see, but there's a thing down here that says 24 lines selected. So, Claude Code is aware. So, if you select these two lines, it's aware of what you're selecting. So, it can apply the prompt just on your selection. So, you can just like select Wednesday and be like just rewrite Wednesday, you know. So, that's really cool. That's one of the benefits of like using cloud code within an editor like this. The other thing is you can also just tell cloud code you don't like this and to rewrite it, right? So like you have the option here to manually edit, revise, tweak the post so that it fits your brand voice. You also have the option to have Claude code help you. So, if you're noticing something kind of inconsistent across all of these posts, you can tell Cloud Code, hey, like there's something I don't like about these posts, like I'm really not liking the theme or the writing style. And Cloud Code will work with you to like keep revising the drafts until you're happy. And that's really important because like most people should not start out with full automation of content. if you don't know how to make good content, like you're not going to learn by setting and forgetting it and like never looking and like it's there's still a ton of trial and error involved. But the beauty of once you set up this system is you can like focus all your time on just like tweaking the drafts and it's already pre-built with your brand voice. It can analyze apparently a 2hour long YouTube video which I didn't think would work but it worked like insanely well. It can generate images. is it can generate like the infographics like we showed about, right? Like this one is super cool, the closer framework and now you can spend like the majority of your time actually just improving the content instead of spending the majority of your time figuring out how to post the five social platforms, scheduling it on each one, generating the visuals for each one, etc. Okay, so here's the plan summary. Here's the themes. Edit any posts directly. Let's just say approve, but just schedule it in advance. Okay, so now it's going to try to publish the 10 posts, but hopefully it listens to me when I say schedule next post. Um, this will save me at least 5 hours each week. Well, this is just the base version. Like you can extend this to publish to like four more social platforms, three different brands. Like you can have insane quality gates. I call I I think I'm the only one who calls this a quality gate. I like maybe quality check is an easier term, but what I said before about like a quality check that scores your post based on comparing it to a database of like 200 viral posts and then if you score below a certain threshold, it like rewrites the hook, right? So like you can do all kinds of like really crazy things once you establish this as the base. Okay, so now it's going to like publish and publish publish. It would be nice if it just did that without asking me for permission. So, we'll do this in the next step. And then I'm going to check my calendar to make sure it's posting. So, I feel like it's just posting and not actually respecting the post in the future. So, I'm going to check Twitter. So, yes, it just posted all of our posts instead of scheduling in the future. So, I will need to fix that before I actually launch the prompts. But what's supposed to happen is it's supposed to schedule it here. So you can see all the upcoming posts here, but it decided to be very trigger happy and just schedule them all at this moment. So, but I will tweak the prompt so that that doesn't happen. I was just kind of on a time crunch for this one. The very last thing I definitely did want to talk about is the Claude MD file. Um, if you mean pricing tier for Cloud Code, I'm personally on the 200 per month plan, but you can definitely do this as well on the lower tier plans, especially if you're just like batching content cuz like a lot of the people who hit the limits of the lower tier plans are using it like a lot. But in this type of workflow, you could just like sit down for a few hours, batch all your content for the next week or two, right? And you should be okay with the limits in that way. So, let's go to the very last thing. The last thing is to create your claude MD file. So now we have a working system. We have the two skills, the quality checks, the brand voice, and the published posts log. I forget if I showed that, but this is basically a log of all the published post including the links. So you could hook this up to another tool and get the analytics for your post and stuff if you want that. But most importantly, I wanted to talk about the claude MD file. You can think of this as a way to like codify everything that you've built and learned. And so I like I'm kind of religious with my cloud MD file. I'm always like keeping it up to date and cleaning it up, especially for my super long cloud MD file for my codebase. And it's going to create a cloudm file that links to the docs. You know, tells Claude where the API key is, links to our brand voice file, links just it kind of just explains what's in this project, what is this project for, and any other patterns or conventions we establish. So, just go ahead and copy this. This one shouldn't take long. There's not many tool calls or anything. Okay. And while we're waiting for that, just to recap everything we've built. Step one, we just did one social post to confirm that everything worked end to end. So you can type slashpost and then your topic and then the platform you want to post on and it's going to generate the post, generate a visual if you want one, and then post it to Twitter. And then the next step is incorporating the brand voice, remember, with a sample. So, for now, we just use kind of my humanized AI prompt to clean up the AI sounding content and then samples from Justin Welsh and Alex Hormosi, which you could replace with people in your niche, but ideally, I highly recommend putting your own writing samples and stuff. And then step three are like quality checks. So, for example, remove all M dashes or replace them with something else. You can also check character length. You you can do all kinds of things with quality checks. Like some people don't want to have hooks that are more than 10 words long. Like that's a very strict thing for their copyriting. So like that could be a quality check. If you don't want emojis in the post, that could be a quality check. If you want to make sure your website is always at the end of the post, that could be a quality check. So there are many many things you can incorporate in step three to to really save you a ton of time. And then step four is like posting to multiple platforms in parallel with sub aents that are working in parallel. So we created one visual and then we posted to both LinkedIn and Twitter. And then step five is planning the full week. So when you do plan week instead of post. This is a new skill. You put in the topic. In our case we put in a 2hour long hormosi live stream and then Blotato like extracted all the content from that 2-hour long live stream. sliced it up into different angles and created 10 posts for the week for LinkedIn and Twitter. And it should have scheduled it for the future. It actually published all of them. So, I will be sure to tweak that before I roll out the prompts and tutorial. And then step six, what we're waiting for now is the Claude MD file. This helps Claude just instantly remember what is your project about, where are things located, how are things structured, best practices in running or working with your project. And so here it created the cloud MD file. And so that's great. So here's the cloud MD file. So it says what the app is, the APIs we're using, different conventions, the endpoints that we're going to be calling, scheduling, um, different visual templates. At some point I told it to prefer infographics because we kept getting car like carousels without an infographic. So I just wanted to showcase what the infographics look like. Quick rules, crossplatform publishing, quality gates skills. So just just summarizing what is already in the rest of the project like literally how it's structured so that every time you start a new cloud code session, it's not starting like completely fresh. It has all of this context about what is this project about? How does it work? What are the important things to know and important conventions? Okay, I think that's it. Yeah, just under two hours. Wow, that's a long one. But yeah, thank you so much for joining. You have my full permission to repurpose this tutorial. Build whatever you want from this. It's actually a very very very powerful base template and very incredibly powerful and so many ways to customize it from here. I'll do a future tutorial where I show using your own images in video so you don't have to pay for AI image generation, right? which can get expensive. But yeah, thank you guys for joining. I plan to do more series like this. I know it was like kind of fast in the beginning, so I will also make like some more beginner level tutorials that go a bit more slowly for folks who are like just starting out with this. So, thanks everybody. Take care.3.(무료 소스 제공) 클로드 코드로 URL만 넣으면 10가지 콘텐츠가 동시에 쏟아집니다(무료 소스 제공) 클로드 코드로 URL만 넣으면 10가지 콘텐츠가 동시에 쏟아집니다. 클로드 코드 멀티 에이전트 :빌더 조쉬 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QgAXjgAlQ2Y&list=PLV9oAPEVkfxJHxwmRAgvh0BIutB4evxqN&index=4
3.

AI가 우리가 준 영상을 토대로 그 포스팅을 만들어 준 걸 볼 수가 있습니다. 그리고 뉴스레터 잠깐 볼까요? 네. 이렇게 해서 제목은 잘 보여 준 거 같고 뉴스레터는 Q&A 인터뷰 형식이 됐습니다. 쓰레드 글도 써 준 거 같아요. 분할해 만든 걸 볼 수가 있는데 네. 이렇게 해서 하나 올리고 이렇게 해서 두 개 올리고 이렇게 해서 세 개 올리고 이제 카드 뉴스 한번 볼게요. 이렇게 해서 나노바나로 바로 이미지가 생성이 된 걸 볼 수가 있죠. 그냥 내용을 다 이해하고 이렇게 바로 자동으로 만들어 준다는게 너무 편리한 거 같고요. 유튜브 썸네일도 제작이 됐는데요. 해서 한 번에 그래도 이미지가 생성이 됐다는게 정말 놀라운 거 같고요. 이제 쇼츠가 세 개가 생성이 됐습니다. 잠깐 볼까요? 차 도둑 아니 헤드레스트야. 만드는데 한 10분도 안 걸렸거든요. 공면 헤드레스트라는 굉장히 좀 낯선 제품이에요. 여러분 클로드 코드로 마케팅 회사를 혼자서 만들 수 있다는 사실 알고 계신가요? 클로드에게 AI에 대해 조사해 줘라고 하게 되면은 뉴스레터, 블로그, 링크드인, 쓰레드, X, 유튜브 쇼츠, 유튜브 썸네일, 인스타 카드 뉴스 모든 것들을 단 한 번의 푸른푸트로 전부 다 생성하는 마법을 경험을 하였는데요.이 모든 것들이 전부 클로드 코드의 서브 에이전트와 스킬 기능 덕분이었습니다. 실제로 해 보니까 된다라는 사실에 저도 정말 깜짝 놀라고 있는데요. 실제로 저는 텍스트 크리에이터로서 도합 6만 구독자를 모았는데요. 쓰레드와 링크드인 X의 메일 글을 올리고 있는데 매일매일 글을 올린다는게 정말 힘들고 고된 일이거든요. 그래서 어떻게 하면이 글을 좀 더 자동화를 해 볼 수가 없을까 고민했던 찰라의 클로드 코드로 마케팅 팀을 이렇게 한번 만들어 보게 되었습니다. 아직 실험적인 부분이긴 하지만 이거를 점점 좀 고도화해 나가다 보면 저도 26년에는 좀 더 업무에서 좀 자유롭지 않을까 하는 생각을 해 봅니다. 자, 그러면 지금부터가 보시죠. 네. 뭐든지이 팀을 만들기 전에 우선 우리는 도표, 그러니까 계획을 먼저 잘 쓰고 들어가야 되는게 중요하다고 생각합니다. 또 오늘 같은 경우에는 이전보다 상당히 더 많이 고도화된 느낌으로 마케팅 에이전시 팀이다라고 하는 것을 만들게 되었어요. 그래서 AI 네이티브 콘텐츠 마케팅 에이전시라고 이름을 붙였고요. 여기에는 팀이네 개가 있습니다. 첫 번째는 지휘자 팀입니다. 오케스트레이터 팀이라고 해서 200총괄 에이전트, 검수 에이전트라고 해서 회사로 따지면 임원 혹은 팀장 그러니까 높은 사람을 한번 이렇게 세워 놓는 것이죠. 그다음에는 이제 텍스트 마케팅 팀이 있습니다. 텍스트 마케팅 팀 같은 경우에는 뉴스레터 에이전트, 쓰레드, 링크드인, 블로그, 유튜브 대본 쓰는 에이전트, 쇼츠 에이전트 이렇게 있다라고 보시면 좋겠고요. 비주얼 마케팅 팀이 또 두 번째 팀입니다. 어, 여기는 제미나이 3.0 나노바나 프로로 API를 사용해서 생성을 했다라고 보시면 좋을 것 같고요. 인스타 카드 뉴스 에이전트를 이렇게 또 만들게 되었고 유튜브 썸네일 에이전트를 이렇게 만들게 되었습니다. 그러니까 우리가 매일 이렇게 작업을 하데 있어서 상당히 고된 디자인 작업들 같은게 있는데 이런 것들은 또 클로즈의 스킬스를 활용을 해서 제작을 했다라고 보시면 좋을 거 같아요. 그다음에 영상 제작 팀 스킬스를 활용을 해서 또 제작을 했고 여기서는 저희가 소스만 전달해 주면은 알아서 어 쇼츠 영상이 생성이 되는 그런 에이전트가 있다라고 보시면 좋겠습니다. 자, 이렇게 해서 굉장히 많은 결과물들, 그러니까 지위자가 한 번에 AI에 대해서 조사해줘라고 하면은 이렇게 전체적인 팀에게 모든 일이 배분이 되게 되고이 모든 에이전트들이 한꺼번에 병렬로 일을 하면서 모든 산출물들을 만들게 됩니다. 그러면은 마지막으로 여기 위에 있었던 검수 에이전트가 일을 하는 것이죠. 그럼 검수 에이전트는 무엇을 하느냐?이 일들이 모두 빠짐없이 잘 수행이 됐는가? 한마디로 QA 그러니까 품질 검수를 하는 그런 에이전트가 있다라고 보시면 좋겠습니다. 자, 이렇게 해서 이제 보면은 최종 아웃풋이 나옵니다. 그러면은 현재 생성된 콘텐츠라고 해서 클로드 코드가 저희에게 보고를 해 주는데요. 뉴스레터 블로그 링크드인 모든 텍스트 마케팅 용도의 콘텐츠를 만들었다라고 보시면 좋을 것 같고 지주얼로 따지면은 썸네일 유튜브 썸네일과 카드 뉴스를 다섯 장 정도 만들고 쇼츠 비디오도 이렇게 같이 생성한 것을 볼 수가 있습니다.이 이 외에도 여러분들이 상상하시는 수많은 모든 산출물들이 병렬로 다 실행이 가능합니다. 그래서 이런 모든 워크플로우들이 다 유기적으로 연결이 되어 있어서 이것들을 우리가 명령만 하면은 바로 이게 생성이 된다라고 보시면 좋겠죠. 자, 이런 식으로 우리는 팀을 한번 만들어 보았는데요. 자, 이걸 또 어떻게 제가 또 만들었을까요? 생각해 보면 제 머릿속에서 나왔다기보다는 저도 그냥 클로드에게 한번 마케팅 팀을 함께 만들어 보자. 클로드 코드의 공식 문서를 활용을 해서 이걸 어떻게 만드는지에 대해서 같이 한번 탐고해 보자 해서 만들어진 결과다라고 보시면 좋겠습니다. 이렇게 해서 여러분들도 이렇게 한번 팀을 만들어 보시면 좋을 것 같고요. 자, 이제 실질적으로 클로드에게 어떻게이 팀을 만들 수 있을지에 대해서 한번 문의도 해보고 실제로 결과물을 한번 만들어가 보시죠. 네, 여러분, 이렇게 커서에 도착을 했는데요. 저 같은 경우에는 커서의 디자인 모드를 참 좋아하기 때문에 사실 커서 무료 버전으로 이렇게 클러드 코드를 실행을 많이 하고 있습니다. 터비널에서 직접 하시는 개발자분도 있고 VS 코드나 아니면 안티 그래비티에서 활용하시는 분들도 참 많은데 저 같은 경우에는 커서에서 주를 활용을 하고 있기 때문에 이렇게 환경을 세팅했다라고 보시면 좋겠고요. 저는 여기서 오픈 프로젝트를 눌러 주는게 중요하겠습니다. 이렇게 해서 새 프로젝트를 만드는데 자, 오늘도 이제 빌더 조식 유튜브다 보니까 여기서 새롭게 폴더를 한번 만들어 볼게요. 그러면은 컨텐츠 마케팅 팀이라고 만들어 보겠습니다. 그렇게 해서 열기를 누르게 되면은 이렇게 인터페이스가 뜨게 되는데 이제 여기서 다시 터미널로 들어가는 거죠. 여러분 이렇게서 터미널에 들어오면은 클로드라고 이렇게 명령을 합니다. 그럼 클로드가 이렇게 실행이 된다라고 보면 좋겠습니다. 우리가 여기서 해야 될 일은 뭐냐면 새로운 파일, 그러니까 프롬프트를 참고할 만한 파일 하나를 생성해 주는게 중요하겠습니다. 뭐냐면 제가 오늘 말씀드리는 프롬포트는 생각보다 상당히 분량이 길기 때문에 그 분량을 다 커버하려면 사실이 유튜브 영상이 굉장히 지루해 줄 수가 있어요. 그래서 그것들을 한 번에 제가 붙여 넣기를 하고 설명을 하는 형태로 진행을 해 보겠습니다. 거기서 파일을 하나를 생성해 줍니다. 그러면은 프롬프트라고 만들어 보는 것이죠. 그 프롬프트라고 해서 첫 뒤에는 마크다운 파일을 넣어야 되는데 마크다운 파일은 AI가 잘 읽어 주는 문서 파일이다라고 보시면 좋겠습니다. 자, 이렇게 해서 제가 원래 썼던 프롬포트를 여기다 붙여 넣기를 합니다. 그러면은 원래 제가 기획서에서 썼었던 내용 있잖아요. 그 내용을 여기다 붙여 넣기를 해 보는 것이죠. 자, 이렇게 하면은 콘텐츠 마케티팅 자동화 시스템 구축이라고 해서 콘텐츠 마케팅 자동화 시스템을 만들어 줘. 하나의 유튜브 URL 또는 웹사이트 URL을 입력하면은 자동으로 멀티플랫폼 마케팅 콘텐츠가 생성되는 시스템이야라고 제시를 하는 것입니다.이 모든 프로포트는 제가 또 본문에 남겨 놓을테니까 여러분들도 그대로 참고하셨으면 좋겠고요. 자, 이렇게 해서 프로젝트 구조를 이렇게 제공을 합니다. 오케스트레이터 팀, 그러니까 카운실 그니까 심사 역할을 하는 팀이다라고 보시면 좋겠고 상사 역할을 하는 것이죠. 플래너 리뷰 만들고 텍스트 마케팅 팀 이다음에 만들고 에이전트로 만들게 됩니다. 그러니까 부캐스트레이터 팀이나 텍스트 마케팅 팀 같은 경우에는 확실히 좀 판단과 생각을 요구하는 그런 업무를 수행을 합니다. 반복적인 업무, 기능적인 업무를 수행하는게 아니고 생각을 해야 되는 고품질의 텍스트 결과물을 내놓아야 할 때는 저는 이렇게 서브 에이전트를 활용을 해서 만든다라고 보시면 좋겠고요. 그다음에 반복적인 업무, 그러니깐 기능적인 업무를 가장 잘 수행하는 업무 같은 경우에는 스킬스를 활용을 합니다. 스킬스 같은 경우에는 일단 비주얼 마케팅 팀과 어 영상 제작 팀이 있다라고 보시면 좋겠고 여기서 나노바나 비주얼이라고 해서 폴더를 만들고 여기서는 이제 카드 뉴스와 유튜브 썸네일을 만드는 역할로 처리가 되어 있다라고 보시면 좋겠고요. 쇼츠 제작 팀 같은 경우에는 이제 이렇게 스킬.m MG 파일이 있고 스크립트 그러니까 유튜브를 다운로드하고 그거를 편집하는 카이썬 스크립트가 포함이 된 그런 형태를 만들어 달라라고 명령을 하면 되겠습니다. 그러면은이 워크플로우는 어떻게 진행이 되냐면 URL이 입력이 딱 되면은 예를 들면 저희 유튜브에 완성된 영상을 여기다 넣게 되면은 여기서 이제 플래너가 일을 하게 되는 것이죠. URL을 분석하고 콘텐츠를 추출하고 핵심 메시지를 전달해서 각 에이전트에게 브리프를 전달을 합니다. 그다음에 병렬로 실행을 합니다. 텍스트 팀이 일을 하게 되고 비주얼 팀이 일을 하게 되고 영상 팀이 일을 하게 된다라고 하는 구조가 되는 것이죠. 특히 여기서 쇼츠 스크립트 라이터가 일을 끝내게 되면은 영상 팀이 그걸 또 받고이 모든 것들을 다 참조해서 일을 하게 됩니다. 그러면은이 모든 일들이 다 끝났을 때는 아까 말씀드린 대로 리뷰어가 일을 한다라고 하는 구조가 다 설계가 되어 있다라고 보시면 좋겠죠. 그리고 그다음에 최종 결과물은 아웃풋트 폴더에 넣어라고 이렇게 표현하면 되겠습니다. 제가 상당히이 포럼프트를 길게 말씀을 드리긴 했는데 일단 원칙이나 이런 부분에 대해서도 어 이렇게 설계가 됐는데이 하단에 에이전트 설계 원칙이나 그 상세 설계 이런 내용들 있잖아요. 그럼 이런 것들을 다 어떻게 썼었을까요? 이런 부분들은 저는 무조건 클로드의 공식 가이드라인에 따랐습니다. 그러니까 예를 들면 클로드 코드 서브 에이전트라고 하는 부분이 있습니다. 그러면 이렇게 클로드 코드의 독스에 들어가면은 서브에트라고 했었을 때이 모든 내용들 있잖아요. 이것들을 여러분들이 프로포팅을 할 때 복사해서 에이전트 설계 원칙을 이렇게 해서 클로드 코드의 공식 가이드라인을 참고해 줘라고 해 주는게 중요합니다. 그러니까 되게 클로드도 일을 할 때 좀 우리가 생각지도 않았던 다른 방향대로 일을 하게 되거든요. 그래서 그랬을 때를 좀 방지하기 위해서 이런 내용을 보여 주는게 중요하고 서브 에이전트는 이렇게 설계를 하고 그다음에 스킬 같은 경우도 마찬가지입니다. 뭐 비주얼 마케팅 팀 이렇게 되어 있는데 설계 원칙은 이렇게 한 번 더 프로포팅을 하는게 중요하죠. 그러면 클로드 코드 서브에전트라고 검색하는게 아니라 스킬라고 해서 여기 들어가서 에이전트 스킬이 부분 있잖아요.요 부분을 붙여 넣기를 하고 공식 가이드 문서를 잘 따라줘라고 얘기해 보는 것입니다. 이런 과정들이 꼭 필요한 이유는 뭐냐면 스킬스나 혹은 서브에트 자체를 클로드가 우리가 공식 문서를 좀 가지고 해야 되는지 아니면 나 스스로 임의대로 아이 사람이 스킬이라고 말을 했으니까 그냥이 사람이 말한 스킬이 뭘까 하고 상상해서 말하는 거랑 큰 차이가 있기 때문에 그렇습니다. 플로드가 가끔 그런 식으로 일을 하기도 하거든요. 그래서 우리는 이렇게 가이드 문서를이 관련된 내용으로 잘 포함을 해서 이게 보여 주는게 너무너무 중요하겠다라고 말씀드리고 싶습니다. 자, 이렇게 했으면은 아,이 부분은 좀 닫고요. 나머지 이런 내용들은 여러분들이 제가 스크립트를 다 넣어 놨으니까이 부분 꼭 참고하셔서 수정하셔도 너무너무 좋겠습니다. 자, 이렇게 했으면은 이제 저희가이 내용을 얘기를 해야겠죠? 그러면은 자, s을 누르고 프롬프트.md를 MD를 참고해서 마케팅 팀을 만들어 줘라고 한번 명령을 해 보겠습니다. 이렇게 명령을 하게 되면은 어디에 파일이 뜨게 되냐면 여기 옆에다가 전체적인 폴더 구조와 에이전트가 다 설계가 돼서 우리에게 제시를 해 준다라고 보면 좋겠습니다. 자, 그럼 한번 기다려 볼게요. 자, 여러분, 이렇게 해서이 지금 클로드가 우리에게 전체적인 모든 역할들을 다 설계를 하고 제시를 해 줬습니다. 이렇게 해서 여러분들 폴더에 보시면 이렇게 클로드 폴더에 에이전트 폴더가 있고 스킬스 폴더가 있죠. 아웃풋 폴더 같은 경우에는 결과물을 내뱉는 폴더가 있다라고 보시면 좋겠습니다. 우선은 지금 역할별로 다 마크다운 파일이 생성이 됐는데이 마크다운 파일 하나 자체가 다 에이전트다라고 보시면 좋겠고 아이 모든 관계 설정이나 혹은 상세 프롬프트를 수정하는 방법에 대해서는 제가 추후에 오픈 코드라고 하는 플랫폼이 요즘 대세가 되고 있는데 그거를 따로 리뷰해서 말씀드려 보도록 해 볼게요. 자, 일단 이렇게 에이전트에 들어가게 되면은 플래너, 리뷰어, 그리고 뉴스레터, 링크드인, 블로그이 모든 역할들이 다 생성이 된 걸 볼 수가 있겠습니다. 자, 이렇게 해서이 모든 역할들을 어떻게 검토를 하느냐이 아그다운 파일들을 한 번씩 조금씩 읽어 보는 것도 중요하겠죠. 네임은 플래너, 디스크립션은 콘텐츠 마케팅 프로젝트의 총괄 기획 에이전트입니다라고 얘기를 하고 URL을 분석하고 콘텐츠를 추출해서 각 에이전트에게 브리플를 전달하는 역할을 수행한다라고 이렇게 명시를 해 놨습니다. 모델은 소네이라고 표현을 해 놨는데 일단 제 생각은 그렇습니다. 클로드 같은 경우에는 현재 지금 4.5 소닉 모델조차 엄청나게 성능이 좋아요. 그런데 내가 좀 더 고품질의 글을 쓰고 싶다라고 생각한다고 하면은 여러분들이 여기 지금 보면 뉴스레터 같은 경우에는 소넷이 아니라 오프스라고 한번 수정을 해 보시는 것도 좋겠습니다. 그러니까 오프스 4.5 모델 같은 것들을 한번 써서 좀 더 확실히이 내용이 더 와닿고 더 확실히 좀 훌륭한 내용으로 와닿게끔 만들어 볼 수가 있겠습니다. 그래서 그렇게 하셨으면 좋겠고요. 자, 이렇게 전체적인이 모든 내용들을 다 지금 다 리뷰 드릴 수는 없고 제가 드리는 파일 내에서 여러분들이이 내용들 한번 파악해 보셨으면 좋겠습니다. 자, 이렇게 해서 서브 에이전트가 이렇게 만들어졌으면 그다음으로 볼 것은 뭐냐면 스킬스입니다. 스킬스 같은 경우에는이 나노바나 비주얼이라고 해서 이렇게 카드 뉴스를 만들어 주는 프롬프트가 들어가 있는 스킬스가 만들어졌다라고 보시면 좋겠어요.이 모든 것들을 제가 썼을까요? 아니요. 제가 쓰지 않았습니다. 전부 다 클로드 코드가 다 써졌다라고 보시면 좋겠죠. 사실 이게 이렇게 좀 폴더형으로 되어 있고 문서형으로 되어 있는이 모든 에이전트가 생각보다 많이 생소하신 분들이 많을 거예요. 어, 저도 그랬습니다. 그래서 이걸 어떻게 하면 좀 더 재밌게 좀 시각화를 할 수 있을까를 좀 고민 해보고는 있는데 우선은 현재 단계에서는 우리는 이렇게 하나씩 하나씩 에이전트를 조금은 다소 익숙하지 않더라도이 정도의 레이아웃으로 한번 처리를 해 보고 그 관계형에 대해서 우리의 머릿속에 잘 담아보는 그런 훈련이 처음엔 필요하지 않을까 싶고요. 자, 어쨌든 다시 돌아와서 이렇게 카드 뉴스를 생성해 주는 카드 뉴스 프롬프트가 들어가 있고 썸네일을 생성해 주는 썸네일 프롬프트가 이렇게 들어가 있다라고 보시면 좋겠습니다. 즉 이렇게 해서 마크다운 파일이 들어가 있으면은이 쇼츠 비디오 메이커이 쇼츠 팀이 따로 있죠. 그래서 쇼츠 팀 같은 경우에는 이제 스킬.md 파일이 들어가 있고이 스킬.md 파일에는 모든 쇼츠를 제작하는 워크플로우가 하나씩 하나씩 다 저장이 되어 있다라고 보시면 좋겠습니다. 자, 이렇게 해서 정말이 팀을 다 하나씩 하나씩 설명을 드리는데 많은 공을 드렸는데 실제 결과물을 한번 봐야겠죠. 한번 결과물을 한번 보러가 보시죠. 자, 여러분들이 보시는 채널은 제 빌더 조쉬 채널입니다. 네. 여기서 이제 유튜브 영상을 가지고 제가 뉴스레터, 블로그, 쇼츠 이것들을 한 번에 동시에 만들려고 하고자 하고 있는데요. 꼭 명심해 주셔야 될 건 뭐냐면 채널의 유튜브 그리고 이런 것들을 무단으로 가져온다는 것은 당연히 저작권 문제가 있습니다. 그래서 여러분들 고유의 콘텐츠나 혹은 저작권이 문제가 없는 그런 영상들을 꼭 갖고 오시길 바라겠고요. 네. 우선 저희 채널에서 자막이 없는 유일한 영상이 하나가 있는데 그 자막이 없는 영상이 이겁니다. 이렇게 한일룸 님께서 등장을 하셨던 쇼트를 자동으로 만드는 방법에 대해서 이렇게 안내를 해 주신이 녹화본이 있는데요. 여기서요 내용 가지고 한번 우리 클로드 마케팅 팀에게이 내용 전달해서 진행을 해 볼게요. URL을 복사를 하고요.이 URL을 여기다 붙여 넣기를 합니다. 그러면은이 영상을 기반으로 모든 콘텐츠를 만들어 줘라고 하는 것이죠. 네. 이렇게 유튜브 영상을 주면은 YTDLP라고 하는 라이브러리가 저기 내부에 설치가 돼 있으므로 이거 가지고 내용을 추출을 해서 가져온다라고 보시면 좋겠어요. 이렇게 해서이 내용 전체적으로 가져와서이 내용을 이제 여기 보시는 플래너 총괄계획 에이전트가이 URL을 분석하고 콘텐츠를 추출해서 마케팅 에이전트에게 브리표를 전달하는 역할을 하는 것이죠. 네. 이렇게 해서 브리프.md가 MD가 먼저 작성이 된 걸 볼 수가 있겠습니다. 그럼 이렇게 시작을 해서이 브리프라는 친구가이 모든 에이전트에게 내용을 뿌려 준다라고 보시면 좋겠고요. 자, 이렇게 보시면 네, 콘텐츠 마케팅 브리프라고 하는이 문서가 생성이 됐는데 여기서 이제 URL과 타입, 제목, 게스트, 주제 이렇게 나옵니다.이 내용 보시면 이렇게 그 모든 브리프 문서가 어디로 이제 들어가게 되냐면이 모든 블로그와 링크드인, 뉴스레터, 유튜브, 스크립트 제작하는 직원들에게 다 내용을 보낸다라고 보시면 좋겠습니다. 자, 이렇게 해서 제가 지금 방금 명령한 내용으로 바로이 모든 결과물들이 나오게 되는데 함께 볼까요? 네, 여러분 잠깐 기다렸는데 이제 AI가 우리가 준 영상을 토대로 지금 이렇게 바로 링크드인 포스팅을 만들어 준 걸 볼 수가 있습니다. 전반적으로 링크드인 스타일에 맞게끔 보여줬는지는 좀 봐야 되겠는데 일단 이렇게 후반부에 어, 태그 같은 것들을 넣어놔 가지고 링크디인에서 전반적으로 뭐 사람들이 좀 쓰고 있는 그런 포맷 걸 볼 수가 있고요. 그리고 뉴스레터 잠깐 볼까요? 네. 이렇게 해서 제목은 잘 보여 준 거 같고 뉴스레터는 Q&A 인터뷰 형식이 됐습니다. 그래서 한일이룸 님 간단히 자기 소개 부탁드려요. 안녕하세요. 저는 유튜버 한일름입니다라고 이렇게 잘 보여줬습니다. 어 전반적으로이 모든 내용을 다 클로드가 작성을 했고요. 클로드 오프스 클로드 4. 오프스가 작성을 해서 전반적으로 오타도 없고 내용도 좀 충실하게 작성이 된 거 같은데이 내용들은 한번 더 보면서 우리가 좀 평가를 좀 나눠 봐야 될 것 같습니다. 그리고 지금 보면은 쓰레드 글도 써 준 거 같아요. 쓰레드 글도 지금 몇 개를 써 준 거죠? 네. 어, 열 개를 한꺼번에 써 줬는데 어, 이렇게 명령한 건 아니긴 한데 열 개를 이렇게 훅 뭐 트 2, 트윗 3 이렇게 해 가지고 분할해서 만든 걸 볼 수가 있는데 네. 이렇게 해서 하나 올리고 이렇게 해서 두 개 올리고 이렇게 해서 세 개 올리고 쓰레드 스타일에 대해서 아시는 분 아시겠지만 쓰레드는 여러 가지 글을 한꺼번에 좀 짤막짤막한 단막대로 올릴 수가 있는데 이런 것들도 잘 만들어 준 걸 볼 수가 있습니다. 네. 이렇게 해서 지금 하나의 소스로 여러분들 이렇게 수많은 원소스 멀티 유즈를 한번 경험을 해 봤는데 이제 이미지를 한번 만들어 봐야 되거든요. 그러니까 위에 소스 하나만 주면은 유튜브 썸네일도 만들고 카드 뉴스도 만들어 보고 싶습니다. 아직 나노바나 그러니까 재미나의 API는 연동이 안 됐기 때문에이 파일 자체는 생성을 안 하고 있어요. 그래서이 부분에 대해서 여러분 제가 어떻게 할 수 있는지 지금부터 알려 드릴게요. 일단 구글 AI 스튜디오에 오시면 됩니다. 구글 AAI 스튜디오에서 여러분들이 명심을 하셔야 될 건 뭐냐면 겟 API 키를 눌러서 들어가시는데 지금이 API 키 같은 경우에는 여러분들 외부에 절대 유출해서는 안 되고 지금 저도 바로 생성을 해서 바로 삭제할 것이다라는 점을 말씀드리고 싶습니다. API 키 같은 경우에는 우리가 내부에서 굉장히 소중하게 보관을 해야 되는 마치 유심칩과 같은 그런 정보이기 때문에 꼭 여러분들이 잘 보완을 신경 써 주셨으면 좋겠고요. 그래서 AP 키 만들기를 눌러 줍니다. 키를 만들게 눌러 주고 키 이름은 나노라고 한번 하죠. 그리고 프로젝트 눌러주고 제 프로젝트 선택해서 키를 만들어 줍니다. 자, 이렇게 해서 키가 만들어지고 이게 생성이 됐으면 그 여기에 뜨겠죠? 그러면이 API 키를 여러분들이 이렇게 복사를 해서요. 다시 클로드에가 줍니다. 그래서 클로드에 가서 이거를 붙여 넣기를 하고이 API 키를 가지고 제미나이 3프로 이미지를 생성시킬 수 있도록 설정해 줘라고 하는 것이죠. 그러면 이걸 어떻게 설정을 해야 되느냐를 잘 모를 수 있기 때문에 우리는 다시 AI 스튜디오에 가서 API 빠른 시작 버튼을 눌러 줍니다. 이렇게 해서 재미나의 API 빠른 시작 페이지에 오게 됩니다. 그럼 여기서 보시면 첫 번째 요청하기 부분에 보시면 이제 파이썬이라고 하는 부분이 있어요. 그럼 여기서 코드 샘플을 복사합니다. 이렇게 해서 코드 샘플 복사하고이 부분을 딱 붙여 넣기를 해 줍니다. 이렇게 해 주시게 되면은 엔터를 쳤을 때 API 키를 가지고 제미나 3프 이미지를 생성시킬 수 있도록 설정해 줘라는 명령을 그대로 수행하게 되고 여러분들의 파이썬 파일에이 API 키가 들어간 형태로 이미지 생성 설정을 설정할 수 있게 되는 것이죠. 이렇게 진행이 되는 형태인데 여러분 이렇게 하시고 그다음에 꼭 한번 테스트를 해 보시길 바라겠습니다. 저도 이렇게 한번 넣은 다음에 한번 테스트를 해 볼게요. 자, 얼추 이제 완성이 된 거 같은데 이제 한번 이미지 테스트를 해 볼게요. 썸네일 이미지와 카드 뉴스를 테스트로 하나 생성해 줘라고 해 볼게요. 이렇게 하게 되면은 이전에 있었던이 모든 내용 가지고 테스트로 하나 생성을 해 줄 겁니다. 자, 이렇게 한번 만들어졌다라고 이제 나오는데 제미나 3 프로 이미지 프리뷰 모델로 제가 생성하라고 다시 지시를 했었습니다. 왜냐면 처음에 디폴트로 설정된 모델이 이게 아니더라고요. 그래서 요걸로 다시 설정을 해서 만들어 보라라고 제시를 했고 우리는이 파일을 어디서 볼 수가 있느냐? 지금 보시면 비주얼스라고 하는 폴더에 카드 뉴스가 이렇게 생성이 된 걸 볼 수가 있겠습니다. 그렇게 하면은 이제 카드 뉴스 한번 볼게요. 그럼 여기서 슬라이드 누르면은 바로 이렇게 뜹니다. 네. 이렇게 해서 나노바나로 바로 이미지가 생성이 된 걸 볼 수가 있죠. 오, 폰트도 너무 좋네요. 이렇게 하고 네, 저희의 영상에 따라서 이렇게 바로이 내용들이 하나씩 하나씩 만들어진 걸 볼 수가 있습니다. 역시 나노바나가 정말 성능이 좋은게 그냥 내용을 다 이해하고 이렇게 바로 자동으로 만들어 준다는게 너무 편리한 거 같고요. 그렇죠? 이렇게 해서 5분 완성 가이드라고 해 가지고 튜토리얼 같은 것들도 이렇게 하나씩 하나씩 설계를 해서 인포그라픽 같은 것들도 잘 만들어 준 걸 볼 수가 있습니다. 품질이 진짜 뛰어나죠? 네. 이렇게 해서 TTA까지 다 만들어 준 걸 볼 수가 있겠습니다. TTA는 뭐냐면 이걸 통해서 다음 액션을 우리가 유도하게끔 만드는 활동이다라고 보시면 좋겠습니다. 이렇게 해서 이미지를 다 생성한 걸 볼 수가 있고요. 다음으로 보시면 이렇게 유튜브 썸네일도 이렇게 만들어 준 걸 볼 수가 있습니다. 근데 유튜브 썸네일은 1024 * 768이어야 되는데 지금 그게 아닌 거 같아서 한번 수정을 해 보고 다시 보여 드릴게요. 네. 이렇게 해서 유튜브 썸네일도 제작이 됐는데요. 유튜브 썸네일 같은 경우에는 여러분 이게 보시면 글씨나 이런 내용들은 잘 보여 준 걸 볼 수가 있습니다. 근데 약간 이런 로고 같은 것들은 조금 깨진 거 같고 한 번 더 생성을 해야 될 거 같기는 한데 이거는 우리가 좀 푸론푸트를 좀 더 보정을 해서 보여 주는게 중요할 것 같고요. 이렇게 해서 한 번에 그래도 이미지가 생성이 됐다는게 정말 놀라운 거 같고요. 이게 마케팅 팀이 일을 하게 되는데 자 이다음에 해야 될 일은 뭘까요? 이제 쇼츠 제작도 잘 됐는지 한번 생성이 됐는지 확인해러가 보겠습니다. 네. 이렇게 해서 쇼츠 비디오 파일이 이렇게 들어가게 되는데 지금 여기서 쇼츠 비디오스에 이제 쇼츠가 세 개가 생성이 됐습니다. 쇼츠 세 개 생성이 되는데 하나 파일 눌러 보면은 이렇게네 저희의 영상에서 하나 쇼츠를 별도로 추출해서 이렇게 보여 준 걸 볼 수가 있죠. 근데 요거는 추출한 거고 편집한 건 절대 아닙니다. 그래서 저희 영상에서 그냥 요렇게 뽑아낸 거를 볼 수가 있는데 스크립트는 안 들어갔네요. 보통 저희가 스크립트도 넣어 달라고 좀 표현을 해야 될 거 같은데 여기 하단에 그러면 자막도 같이 오토로 입혀 주는 그걸 볼 수가 있습니다. 그래서 한번 우리가 마지막으로 쇼츠의 스크립트도 같이 넣어 달라라고 얘기를 해 볼게요. 쇼츠의 스크립트도 나와야 돼. 글자 크기는 16 정도로 하단에 배치해서 다시 생성해 줘라고 해 보겠습니다. 얘가 지금 스크립트를 만드는 도중에 제가 여러분들께 말씀드리고 싶은 건 여기 파이썬 파일에 지금 여러분들이 지금 쓰는 재미나의 API 키가 들어가 있는 형태다라고 보시면 좋겠습니다. 제가 제공드리는 파일 스킬 안에서이 나노바나 비주얼이라고 하는 부분에 스킬.md이 MD이 파일에는 API 키가 안 들어가 있어요. 그래서 그 부분 이렇게 지금 환경 변수라고 되어 있는 부분은 안 들어가 있으니까이 부분 참고해 주셨으면 좋겠고요.이 부분은 좀 건너뛰고 여러분들이 API 키가 어디 있는지 꼭 참고를 해보고 그걸 잘 관리해 보셨으면 좋겠습니다. 난 저 같은 경우에는 이렇게 파이썬 파일 안에 이렇게 들어가 있다라고 보시면 좋을 것 같고요. 네. 이제 여러분 이제 영상에도 자막이 생성이 됐는데 잠깐 볼까요? 차 도둑 아니 헤드레스트야. 동년처럼 씌우면 설치 끝. 차에 앉은 듯 보이지만 웃음은 덤 겁 먹은 도둑 도망 헤드레스트 방범도 병맛도 완벽 이게 제가 이제 소라로 만든 걸 한 세 개네 개이어서 붙였는데 만드는데 한 10분도 안 걸렸거든요. 공면 헤드레스트라는 굉장히 좀 낯선 제품이에요. 네. 이렇게 해서 지금 쇼치에도 이게 자막이 자동으로 입혀진 걸 볼 수가 있습니다. 일단 그 자막 품질에 대해서는 우리가 조금 더 한번 테스트를 좀 해 봐야 될 것 같은데 더 정확한 인식이 필요하면은 미디엄 라지 모델 사용을 권한다라고 되어 있죠. 그래서 저희는 이거를 미디엄 라지 모델로 바꾸고 한번 다시 입혀 보면 되는 그런 최적화 작업이 필요할 것 같고요. 이렇게 해서 지금 사실 쇼츠도 그렇고 비주얼도 그렇고 100% 엄청 완벽한 그런 느낌 자체는 아닙니다. 왜냐면 아무래도 우리가 API에 좀 더 비싼 걸 사용을 해야 되고 그리고 내용뿐만 아니라 좀 디자인도 수정을 해야 되는 그런 번거로운 작업이 아직은 좀 존재할 수 있을 것 같기는 해요. 하지만 그런 최적화 작업이 어느 정도 끝나게 되면은 여러분들이 정말 완벽한 마케팅 팀을 만들 수 있지 않을까 생각을 해 봅니다. 저 또한 그렇고요. 저도 지금 올해 26년 같은 경우에는 완벽한 마케팅 팀을 클로드 코드와 함께 만들어 보려고 하고 있고요. 여러분 오늘 어떠셨나요? 클로드 코드로 마케팅 에이전를 함께 만들어 보는 실습을 했습니다.이 모든 내용은 지금 제가 오픈 소스로 오늘도 제 기터에 다 올려 놨다 보니까 여러분들도 참고를 하셔서 이걸 한번 실습을 해 보시기를 권장해 드리겠고요. 저희이 모든 자료와이 내용은 전체적으로 오픈 소스로 공개돼 있다 보니까 그 보답의 마음으로 빌더조씨 채널을 꼭 구독해 주시면 너무 감사하겠습니다. 네. 자, 이렇게 해서 마케팅 에이전트 팀을 같이 한번 만들어 봤는데요. 유용하셨으면 좋겠습니다. 그럼 또 다음 영상에서 찾아뵙도록 하겠습니다.4.Claude Code와 Skills를 활용하여 완전 자율적인 마케팅 팀을 구축했습니다저는 Claude Code와 Claude Skills를 활용하여 완전 자율적인 마케팅 팀을 구축했습니다.: 앤디 로 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iVbsl60t0oA&list=PLV9oAPEVkfxJHxwmRAgvh0BIutB4evxqN&index=5


Take a look at this. A branded video, a high quality Instagram ad, content scheduled and posted across YouTube, Instagram, and threads. All from one single command. We didn't do any of this manually. We didn't hire a team. We just ran five AI agents inside clock code and they handled everything automatically. So, if you have been watching the AI space lately, you already know how popular clock is. And with open claw blowing up, everyone is talking about how to build multi- aents workflow. But most people are actually burning through tokens and getting nowhere fast. So today we're going to show you the smarter way to do this. We are building a full social media marketing engine. Five agents working together. One researches your content ideas. One builds actual video using Remotion. One designs your Instagram ads in HTML. One writes your captions for every platform. and one schedules and posts everything automatically. So basically a fivep person content team running inside your clock code for the cost of just a few API calls. Let's get into it. Let's start by walking through the environment. And before any agent runs, we just need three things in place. And I want to go through each one because understanding what and why can make the rest of this build make sense. This is where we put all the creative references. And right now we have sample assets in here. Things the AI can pull from as official and creative context when it is generating output for the brand. So you can think of this as the mood board that your team would normally keep in a shared drive. And except here, Claude has direct access here. And then the next one is the knowledge folder. So you can think of this like a brand brain like everything Claude needs to know about who this brand is and how it communicates and we have three files inside. The first one is brand identity. This can cover the brand personality, core traits and tone of voice. So this is a kind of document that a brand strategist would spend weeks building. And here this is a structured file that every agent in this pipeline can reference. So the second file is platform guidelines and this is exactly what it sounds like like a guide on how the brand formats content depending on where it is going like Instagram's bags YouTube structure threats tone etc and each platform has its own rules and this file can actually lay them out clearly so every agent follows them automatically. All right so the third file is product campaign. So this file basically outlines how the brand typically approaches campaigns and how visuals are usually handled and also is about what a typical content package looks like and it gives the agent a frame of reference before they start generating everything. All right. Then we have clot md. This is the file that we have and if you have worked with clot code before you know this file and if you have not this is the most important file in any clot code project. So basically you can treat this empty file as the source of truth for the entire workspace because it can tell clot what the project is, how the folder is structured, what files are available and what rules to follow when navigating everything. So without it, Clot is just guessing. And with it, Clot knows exactly where it is and what it is working with before it does anything. So if you look at this right now, you will notice we only have three agents declared here. And don't worry about that. We will be updating this as we build each agent throughout the video. All right. And last, this is important. This is our comprehensive CL skills and plugins document like 600 lines. We built it from the 33page clot skills guide that Enthropic released recently. So everything you or clot code needs to know to create a well structured reliable skill, it is in here like the YML front meta rules, the trigger patterns, the workflow structures, the testing framework, all of it basically. And this is not just a reference document. This is the foundation we are building every agent skill frame. Okay. So before we jump into clot code and start building, we need to be clear on what each skill is actually supposed to do. And the best way to do this is just to plan it first with cloud of course. And here is what looks like. We open CLA and set 4.6 is fine for this. It's not a complex task. So we actually do not need opus 4.6 here. And then we can ask it to help us plan and draft the key details and description for the skill we want to create. And we can also attach the automate clot skills document. So clot has the full context on what a well-built skill looks like. All right. So what's great about this step is that clot does not just give you an answer. It can ask you questions. It wants to understand the scope, the expected behavior, the edge cases, etc. and you just answer them as they come. So after some back and forth, CL outputs the key details and description for the skill and from there you can tweak it, refine it or if you're happy with it, just copy it into your notepad and move on. And since we are building five agents for this pipeline, that means five skills. You can go through this planning conversation five times, once for each agent until all five are defined. And here's what ours looks like with all five done. like key details, clear descriptions, scope defined for each agent before we write a single line of skill code and also we posted this PDF and the ultimate cloth skills MD file in our premium community and also if you want it for free you can let us know in the comment section below. If we have enough requests then we are going to post it in our free community as well. So with this ready we can move into cloud code and start building. Okay, now that our research is ready, it's time to put it to work. So in this section, we are going to create two agents. A video ad specialist which can handle programmatic video content for the brand and also an ad creative designer which can build static ads for platforms like Instagram. And we're going to build both skills first and then test them one at a time. All right. So, let's start with the video ad specialist first. And here in cloud code, we can just use this prompt to kickstart. And the prompt is help me create an agent skill. I will give you the key details about the skill. And then you can use the ultimate clot skills and plugins empty to create it. And then we can just paste in the key details we planned out earlier. And those are the details that we drafted with clot before coming into clot code. And that is the important thing to notice here because we're not just asking clot to figure out what the skill should do. We have already done that. We are just handing it the brief and asking it to build. All right. So let's hit enter and let Claude work through it. So after a while it's done. The video ad specialist skill is ready. And we can just open the skills folder and take a look at what Claude actually created. And here it is. We have a section defining where the skill gets triggered, a critical rule that can tell the agent to check the knowledge files before doing anything else and also the full workflow steps laid out in order. So basically this skill wraps around the remote skill. So what that means is the remotion skill handles the video creation best practices, the technical side, the rendering, the scene structure, the motion logic, etc. And the job for this agent skill is just focus on the brand. It can take everything Remotion knows about building Fido and filter it through the brand knowledge that we set up earlier. So basically, it's just one skill handles the craft and the other handles the brand and together they can produce something that is both technically wellbuilt and on brand. And if you have not installed the official clot remotion skill, please do it now. And also you can check out our previous video on how to install this skill as well. All right, so now let's move on to the second skill, the add creative designer. All right, so same process. We just ask Claude to create a new skill and reference the automate clot skills and plugins document as the guide and pasts in the key details for this agent. And this ad creative designer has a different job from the video ad specialist. So for the feeder ad specialist that agent actually generates motion content through remotion but this ad creative designer agent actually focuses on static ad creatives like square format Instagram ready built through HTML and captured as a clean image. So basically same prompt structure just different skill brief. All right so let us hit enter and wait for clot to finish. And there it is. Both skills are now built and ready for the project. And as you can see the structure is very similar to the video ad specialist like same trigger logic same rule about checking the knowledge files first same step-by-step workflowful format but the way this agent actually works is quite different from the video one and here's how this one works. So basically it starts by calling nanobanana mcp which can generate images using the branch knowledge folder and the sample assets we set up earlier as visual reference. So the images it can produce are not random. They are informed by the brand and from that it just uses the react canvas to design the static at layout in HTML like typography spacing color etc. All applied according to the brand guidelines and then this is the part that can make the output clean and production ready. It just launches a playright browser to take a precise capture of that HTML file and saves it as a PNG file. So what you end up with is not just a rough export or a browser screenshot. It is a pixel accurate image of a designed ad ready to upload. So this three-step workflow, generate, design, capture is what actually makes this agent produce something that actually looks like it came from a creative team. All right, so to set up the playright SDK, you can check out our previous video where we also did something similar to this and you can find the link in the description. And now let's test the agents. We will start with the ad creative designer and the static ad. So here's the prompt that we are going to use. and let me walk you through it. So, first we just state the task and mention the skill we want to use. And now you can trigger a skill without naming it directly because cloud is intuitive enough to pick it up from natural language most of the time. But if you want to make absolutely sure that the right skill is being used, just mention it and then prompt. And then the goal for this prompt is very simple. Just produce an Instagram ad. We just supply it with JSON inputs that can define what the ad should contain like the headline, the copy and the facial direction. And then we just instruct it to build the ad in HTML with CSS styling applied. And that is exactly the workflow we walked through earlier. Generate, design, and capture. All right. So now I've already run this prompt and as you can see all the steps have finished executing. So let's just open the output folder and see what came out. And here it is. So honestly for the amount of input we gave it, it is a pretty strong result. Like just basic JSON inputs, a simple prompt, no detailed design brief at all, no menu layout work, and the agent can produce a clean styled onbrand static ad and ready to use. So this is what a well ststructured skill with good brand context can deliver. So you do not need to overengineer the prompt because the skill can already know what to do with the information you give it. So now let's test the video ad specialist. And here's the prompt that we're going to use. Just like the static ad, we're just keeping it very simple. We are going to ask it to create a promotional video for the brand. So we can define the target audience and we can lay out five sins in total. And we will include a few rules around how the SVGs should be handled. And that's it. No detailed storyboard, no frame by frame direction, just the essentials. And we can let the skill fill in the rest. So we can hit enter and wait for the output. So now you might be wondering why we are suddenly in Google anti-gravity's AI chat when we were just inside clock code. So the reason is very straightforward. These are quick individual agent tests. We do not want to burn through CL code tokens on isolated test runs. Right? So for this just smaller test, we can just use school antigravity. It can keep things efficient and when we run the complete five agent pipeline at the end that is when we are going to go back into cloud code and let everything run together properly. All right. So this is done and unlike our previous remote videos where you open Remotion Studio and manually click render, we just built an automatic render script directly into the skill. So the finished video just go straight to the outputs folder without any menu steps. And let's open it and take a look at this. Great. It looks pretty good. Not mind-blowing, but with the prompt we gave it, this is exactly what you expect. So what's happening here is that Claude just read the brand knowledge folder and then pulled the right facial references and produced an infographic style video that feels on brand. So no detailed brief, no manual scene building, just a first simple prompt and brand context and that is the solid baseline. All right. So both creative agents are built and tested. Now we can add the intelligence layer that can feed everything which is the research agent. So what this agent actually does is more than just research. There are basically two things happening here. The agent finds and synthesizes information but it also creates resources that you can specialize and share with other people. So you can think about like formatted briefs, structured outputs, things that you can actually hand to a client or a team member without doing extra work and that can make it really useful beyond just being a background process in the pipeline. So there are two layers in this research agent. The first one is of course web search and for this we are using a simple and reliable web search API called Tavly AI. It is clean, straightforward and built for exactly this kind of use case. And then the second one is the agent skill itself of course and that can take what tally finds and it kills the research workflow like synthesizing the results structuring the output and formatting everything into something usable later. So basically Tavly handles the searching and the skill handles the thinking. All right. So let's start with the skill itself. Just like what we did for the previous two agents, we can just type in the prompt asking clot to create a skill and then just paste in the key details we planned out earlier. So Clot can read through everything and it can use the ultimate clot skills and plotins documents as the guide and it can then build the skill file. Great, it is ready. And if we check the skills folder, here it is like same structure as the others like trigger logic and waffle steps clean and consistent. All right. Now let's set up the tablet integration. And here we just simply ask claude to set up the Tavly AI SDK for us. And we can use this prompt and paste in the Tavly documentation directly. And you can find the documentation link in the description. So just open it, hit the copy button and paste it straight in. And same reason as the playright setup earlier, we're not asking Claude to guess. We are giving it the exact current documentation so that the setup is accurate from the start. And great, it is done. Tablet is installed and all we need to get it working is the EMV file and the API key inside. All right, so this is how it looks. This is an example EMV file and you can see something like this and also the Tavly API key and all you need to do is just paste your key here and it can start working. So you may ask, hey Andy, how to get the API key. So you can just get it from your dashboard and you can just click the add API key button and just name your key and then click create. And just like that, your API key is ready. Just click copy and paste in your EMV file. All right. So the research agent is built and the web search layer is already done. And now let us put together with the final two agents and get the full pipeline connected. And now let's build the copyrightiting agent. And at this point the process is familiar like same prom structure as before. We just ask CL to create the skill past in the key details we planned earlier and just hit enter. So as the name suggests, the agent basically handles all the marketing copy like captions, descriptions, platform, specific writing, anything that requires words tailored to a specific channel and audience. So it can know the brand voice from the knowledge folder and it can know the platform formats from the guidelines that we set up at the start. And it's done. Another skill added to the folder. Okay, now the last agent, the distribution agent. This agent just has two main jobs. Publishing content uploads programmatically and generating the right metadata for YouTube uploads. So title, description, tags, like all of it handled by this agent. So nothing has to be filled in manually. And in order to make this work, we need three more API integrations. YouTube API, the meta Instagram and threats API. We actually have a previous video to talk about how we can set this up. You can also check it out in our description. Now, you can see that we have already done the setup. So, next we can focus on the agent skill. And just like earlier, we can just use the key details that we've built with Claude in the very beginning to build the skill now. So, if we check the skills photos on the left, all five skills are done and ready now. the research agent, the video ad specialist, ad creative designer, copyrightiting agent and distribution agent. The full pipeline is complete. And now before we move on, let me give an important note here first. So earlier Clark just gave us this table with all the environment variables needed, right? And below that some notes on how the posting actually works. And the third bullet point is the one that we need to pay attention to. So for Instagram post requests to work like meaning for content to actually get uploaded to Instagram, the assets being posted need to be at a publicly available URL. Remember it's a publicly available URL. So it's not stored locally on your machine. So a local file path will not work here. The platforms needs to be able to reach the assets from the outside. Right. And this is where the agent will first upload the output files so the APIs can access them when we fire the post request. All right. So before we set up superbase, we can just look at the example EMV file quickly. So we can know exactly what keys you are going to need to make this whole pipeline run. So first of course your Tavly API key and then your YouTube Instagram threats keys and then your superbase project URL and service key and we'll go through exactly where to get your superbase storage up. So now let's get superbase storage set up. This is the last piece before we can run the full pipeline. So please pay attention. Okay, we can just start from a fresh superbase project and the first thing you need is your project URL and you can find it right on the dashboard as soon as you open the project. It's very easy to locate. Just copy it and paste it into your EMV file. So next is your service key. And now if you have followed our previous projects, you would notice that we usually go for the anon key. And you might be wondering, hey Andy, why are we using the service key here instead? And here's the reason. because this pipeline actually runs as a serverside node.js script and there is no user section attached to this and no logged in superbase user. Basically, it's just a backend automation script uploading files directly to a storage bucket. So, if you used the anony key in this situation, the upload will fail and there are two reasons for that. First, there is no authenticated user section attached to the request. And second, the storage bucket has RO full security policies that can block unauthenticated uploads by default. And if you want to learn more details, you can actually check out the superbase documentation as well. So the service ro should only ever be caught server side, never exposed in the browser. And that is exactly how we are going to use it here. a backend pipeline, no front end, no user section. Now, if this project ever had a front end, so like a dashboard where users upload their own files, then you could opt for the nonkey and set up proper role level security policies. But for an automation pipeline like this one that we're going to set up here, the service key is what we're going to use. So, you now know where your service key is. Just copy and paste it into your EMV file alongside your project URL. All right, so please hang on. We are not quite done with Superbase yet. We need to create the storage bucket that the pipeline will upload assess into. From a dashboard, we can click on storage on the left hand side. And once you're inside, you can click create bucket and then give it a name. We're specifically using campaign-uploads for this project. and make sure to set it to the public. And this specific name is very important because in our code, the referenced bucket name from where the outputs will be outload is hotcoded. So please make sure to remember what bucket name CL gives you before creating the bucket. And also the public setting is what allows the YouTube and Instagram APIs to reach the uploaded files of course. And this is exactly what we needed for Instagram, right? And that's it. Superbase storage is configured and the bucket is ready. So all five agents are built, the APIs are connected, the storage layer is in place, every single piece of the pipeline is now ready. And now it's time to see all five agents run together as one connected pipeline. Let's do the full test run now. All right. So before we run it in clot code, let me show you the prompt that we are going to use. So here it is. It is a simple job payload like no need to over complicate a pilot test right and the payload contains the core brief like the brand the campaign goal the content requirements and the other agents can analyze and then reach it as it moves through the pipeline and then the distribution agent will convert everything into a JSON script that can trigger the full automation sequence just simple input and then the agents can do the rest so let's Just copy this prompt and paste it into clot code. And then we can hit enter. And now you can see clot code is starting to reference the relevant agent skills for each part of the task. And it is reading the pipeline identifying which agent handles which job and queuing everything in order. And now that the JSON is ready, right, we will allow to clot code to create the file in the project. And here's the first breakdown of the payload. And it's looking pretty good, right? All agents are cued and ready for execution. But one thing to notice here though, the distribution agent C actually has added a constraint that sued uploads will run in simulation mode. Meaning no real API call goes out and that is not what we want, right? Because we need the actual upload to happen so that the Instagram API can reach the files. So then we can just tell clot to proceed with real superbase uploads before we let it run. Okay, that should do it. And now we can just wait. This will take a few minutes to complete. All right, after everything is done and before we approve the upload, we can just check the outputs first. So we can start from the research report. We actually have two versions here. One in document format and one in HTML. And this is quite a nice bonus, right? It can give us two different use cases from the same output. So let's open the HTML version. And here it is an interactive research dashboard. Clean layout, easy to follow, and the brand colors are actually being applied throughout, right? And this is a kind of output you would share with a client or a team lead before a campaign kicks off, right? And also the information quality is solid and it is already presented in a format that is easy to digest. So if you need a more traditional format, the documentation version is there as well and it is in mockdown but that is straightforward to convert to a like Google doc or word file. And now let's check the static ad and the video ad. Here's the static ad. Very simple and looks pretty good, right? And what stands out is the consistency here. And this is the second time that our ad creative designer has produced something that looks pretty good and on brand with minimal input. And that consistency is what makes this workflow really great. Okay, so now the video ad, let's go ahead and find it here and hit play. It's pretty good, right? For a simple prompt with no custom assets and no detailed storyboard. So you can imagine with comprehensive prompts, a proper PRD and custom worked assets. This workflow with remote can actually produce impressive outputs. And again what we are seeing here is just the baseline quality not the best quality yet. Now that we are happy with the deliverables right we can just publish them. So over here in superbase we can already see the outputs sitting in the storage bucket and the pipeline actually handled the upload automatically. And now here is our publish MD file. It has basically everything in one place like public urls, copy, metadata, scheduling details, etc. And all we have to do is to just approve this with a simple confirmation prompt just like this. Now we can wait for claude to write the upload script and contact the YouTube and meta APIs and this should be fast. Great, this is done. Here is the publish confirmation. And there it is, the YouTube video link. You can just open it and see if the upload went through. Great, the video is live on our test channel. It is uploaded and playable. And let's check Instagram. And again, this is our test account. Great. You can see the posts here, including some from previous projects we built with the same setup. And now you can notice there are four copies of the ad uploaded because we specified four uploads in the prompt but only asked for one ad to be created. So the agent did exactly what it was told. It uploaded the one ad for four times. So you can just fix this by just tweaking your prompt to match your intentions. So to recap, from a single job payload, five agents actually worked in sequence to produce a research report, a static ad, a video ad, platform specific copy, and a scheduled upload to YouTube and Instagram. All connected or automated. And this is what it looks like when your marketing team actually runs on skills. All right. So that's your full content marketing team running on autopilot inside CL code. Research, video, ads, copy, scheduling, five agents, one single workflow. And now if you want the exact template and workflow we used today, plus if you want to have the AI website design course and 101 tech support, feel free to join our any no code premium community. You can find a link in the description and drop a comment below and tell me which agent that you are most excited to try first. I read every single one of your comments. And also, if you found this video helpful, hit the like and subscribe button for more video like this in the future. I'll see you in our next one.5.How I Automate 90% of My Social Media ContentHow I Automate 90% of My Social Media Content with Claude Code: 샌디 리 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zFM5elMy5Do&list=PLV9oAPEVkfxJHxwmRAgvh0BIutB4evxqN&index=6


Are you wanting to build your personal brand or grow your business? I talked to many different people and one of the struggles that they have often is creating content. [music] After working a long day, they finally come home, then they have to turn on [music] the camera and often times they don't exactly know what to say. So, they have to go back to YouTube, try to script it, but then they [music] get lost watching videos because they find this funny video and they just give up. That happened to me multiple times. I started creating content since 2018 and I grew my channel across three different platform, YouTube, Instagram and Tik Tok to 550K followers organically. However, here's the catch. I stopped creating content after a year of doing so and then I went back to it and then I stopped again is because I was so overwhelmed. I had to take care of my kids and also I have full-time job. I'm not saying creating content is easy right now. However, what I'm going to do is I'm going to create a system using AI. I get a ton of help using AI. Even I got a skill of AI editing videos. And what I want to do in this video is I want something that's very specific that I pretty much want to create this content creation team and multiple different agents underneath me working. And I'll be feeding my idea to either Claude Co-work or Claude Code depending which one's better. So, I'm going to ask Claude what I should be using and after that as a skill or plugin so that either three or five different AI agents can take care of my content. Obviously, my input is going to be there. You can't rely on AI 100%. I think human input always has to be there behind the scene, especially for companies. If you're running a business, AI can't replace human, but human can learn AI to advance it skills. That's my opinion. or at least that's how I believe it should be. So, you'll be seeing the live demo exactly how much time it will take me to build the system. And I haven't done this before, so I don't even know how long it's going to take to be honest. But let's go straight into it. There is a cloud co-work. What I'm going to do is I found out the more I use cloud co-work the more I like cloud cowork because it's such an easy user interface but I'm leaning towards more cloud code because cloud code has more capability of doing things. It can save your API key in EMV file. Whenever it has a dot that means it's a secret. Nobody knows except for you anyways. they can save the API key something that's very sensitive information and it can actually go there and do the work for you versus cloud co-work yeah it does the work for you as well just like cloud code but it can't go in depth I don't know if that's because it's still in the beta mode but still I think they're still working on it so what I'm going to do over here I already created this content folder inside the cloud core work but I'm going to see if any of the plugin makes sense in terms of what I'm trying to create. So, let's look at the plugins for marketing and see what they have. Now, they have a lot of cool things. They have this brand review, review content against your brand voice, style, and guide, and messaging pillars. Okay, that's kind of related to what I want to do, but I want to be more specific. Instead of just a brand review, I want Claw Code to search for videos that are popping up. Draft content. Let's see what's in here. Content type, blog post, social media post especially specify LinkedIn, Twitter, Instagram or Facebook, email newsletter, landing page, topic or theme of your content, target audience. Who is this content for? Key message to the four main points or takeaways to communicate. Tone, authoritative, conversational, inspirational, technical, witty, length. Okay, it has a length over here. Brand voice, content generator by type, blog post, and what about social media post? It has hook in the first line, which I like that hook is very important. What about hashtag? Okay, it has a hashtag suggestions, call to action to engage, prompt, emoji uses if it's appropriate, uh if it's the right setting to use it. If LinkedIn professional framing, if Twitter and X punchy, and if Instagram visual first language and storydriven. Okay, this is not too bad. But what I really want to do is let me go back to the chat and I'm going to talk about and explain exactly how I create content like my strategy of how I use this content. And after explaining that, the cloud will tell me exactly what to use between cloud codework or clot code. And I can go back and forth, but I prefer just using one platform to be honest. So, we'll see which one it will turn out to be that Claude recommends. Okay, now I'm ready. Whenever I do vibe coding, I like to wear something comfy. So, I'm in my PJs. I'm the most creative when I'm in my PJs. So, no judgment there. So what I like to do is I typically like to start asking claude code the chat mode over here instead of asking straight into cloud code. I like to talk to claude just the chat version first to organize my thought. So about a couple months ago I used chachi pt to bounce different ideas because I thought chachi is the best in terms of bouncing different ideas. And don't get me wrong, they're probably still really good, but just a couple weeks ago, I cancelled chat GPT because recently there's a campaign saying cancel chat GPT because OpenAI recently agreed that the government is allowed to use chat GPT or any resources that they have to be used for this war that's happening around the world. And I personally do not support that. I very much disagree with that. I'm trying my best not to use that. So, let's go back to Claude. What I'm going to do is I'm going to use Whisper Flow. So, instead of typing everything, I'm going to actually speak. Whisper Flow is amazing. I can just speak. It understands me so much better than Siri right there. So, that's what I'm going to do. So, what I really want to do is I want to create the marketing team for my social media channel. My channel is youtube.com/sandandyleai. That's my channel. What I want you to do is I want you to study every single video that I had for my channel to understand my voice and to understand what I'm trying to explain to people like pretty much analyze my channel. And after that what I want the other a AI agent to do is research like other people in my industry what they're doing. You can call them competitor, you can call them friends. So in this case I'll just title them as influencer. study other influencers who's into AI agency niche or AI news or AI business or like how to use AI wisely niche whatever that you can find you I want you to just connect and study their channel and I personally actually subscribe to most of those people too and I want you to find outlier videos for me because what I'm going to do is based on the topic that I get from YouTube Instagram Instagram and X, those three different platforms, Vid IQ is doing really well at finding outlier video. If you can find something similar to what they're doing in terms of giving numbers of those outlier video, that's what I want. I don't exactly know what kind of data that they use. So that's something that you can do research about. But if you can find that, that's great. In general, what I want to do is find the topic in X, find the topic in YouTube and Instagram and see what's trending. And any of the trending video, I want you to get the script of the first intro. So, first 30 seconds of the video, I want you to get the intro because I want to review those intro. I don't want you to copy and paste exactly the same as intro that they have because I'm not going to copy exactly the same. But I want you to get their formula and the format. That's the most important thing. So after getting the format and formula of their intro and a title and thumbnail, I want you to put exactly what they have into Excel sheet. Okay? So I can review it and I can change it. But also, I want you to give me the recommendation of how I can change it based on my style of recording a video and my voice, my brand voice, Sandy's brand voice. So, here's the two sections that you will do. You will just put exactly the same as what the creators are putting, but also you're going to write a script and create a thumbnail and create a title based on the recommendation of my own style. So you're mixing it and changing it. And I want you to do that on daily basis, okay? On every single day. If there's extra thing that you need to get like Epifi, MCP for Epifi or Nad for the workflow, then let me know. But I'm trying to decide whether I should be using co-work or cloth code for this. And I'm going to have a lot of API connected and connect with multiple different tools because again I'm creating this content team instead of just one. So creating thumbnail is very important as well. So I want you to create this one thumbnail department alone and make it as one skill specifically. And when you're creating a thumbnail, those outlier videos and especially hunt for or look for the smaller creators whose videos are popping up instead of this huge creator always popping up. That's the outline video I want you to search and all the agents will be working together. By the way, as long as you're short, the thumbnail, you're going to reference the thumbnail that's been working out there, but I want you to change into my own style and put my picture in there. I'll give you a couple pictures that you can use and use Nano Banana Pro which I have subscribed to Nano Banana Pro so I can give you the login information or whatever you need. I have open router API tool so if you need that I can also give you that as well. And for title it has to be short and concise but also you have to match what other people are talking about. For intro, I want you to have a really strong hook where you can relate like I can relate to my ideal customer avatar know that I'm talking to them right away. And then we're going to talk about some huge opportunity that they're missing out if they don't learn this and some sort of guarantee slashsatisfaction slash the value that they're going to learn if they continue to watch this video. And I'll be showing the quick intro, like during the intro, I'll be showing like the quick less than 10 seconds of what this video is going to be about. And also the other AI agent I wish I have is AI editing team. I have the script and I have the scripts API key that I just barely got. So I'll be feeding you that. And as long as I give a very specific brand tool and brand color, image, and also style that I want you to edit, if I can just upload the video there, I want you to edit those and have me confirm right before I post on YouTube. But eventually, what I'm going to do is I'm going to trust the AI to do all the editing and after editing, then you can actually upload from the script to YouTube. So that's what I'm going to do. And I'm going to focus on this long form channel instead of short form. Eventually I'll get into short form as well. So if you want to might as well just create the short form like another AI agent for short forms, you can. But my biggest thing right now is creating the long form. And that's my huge focus. So here's my idea. I gave you a couple different assignments for AI agent. I want you to create just one team that has multiple different agents who has each of them have skills and eventually this will be the plug-in that I'll be creating for my social media content team. So tell me exactly what I need to do at this point step by step and that way I can make the whole system and this has to be as easy as possible. And one thing that I want to add is whenever you're putting the information Excel documentation that's great but if you can go above and beyond and send me a quick email with this update that's also a really really good one that I would like to get. Tell me the breakdown of what I need the different team and different AI agent in the set as well as the cost breakdown. Okay, now I'm done. I've talked to cloud like a lot just now and this was just my idea. One thing about building something with either cloud co-work or cloud code is you have to go back and forth a lot, right? Unless you're copying and paste somebody else's work and then just apply that with yours. Like a lot of projects in GitHub that you can get and then just copy and paste to your own skills. But I found out whenever I do that since that's not my idea, I tend to not get the result that I want. So, I had to tweak it a couple of times. So, let's see where it's at. Okay, it's finally done. It took about 3 minutes to get everything all sorted out, but we will see what's going on over here. Pretty fancy already. Let's download this to make this a little bit larger. So, basically Claude recommended that I should have seven different AI agent. We'll see how that goes. The first agent is the channel analyst who study the channel and competitor who study my channel and my competitors and also build my brand voice a little bit and I will need YouTube data API and claude API who can do this and let's do the trend scout. So trend scout is finding the outlier video on YouTube X and Instagram on daily. I love that. I feel like X is a lot faster compared to YouTube and Instagram. Like every single news is over there. It's like a big hot AI news channel. So finding out video on X will be really good. I also need YouTube data API for X and V IQ style scoring. Perfect. And the next one is a script writer. Script writer who can write hook intro full script and Sy's voice. Claude API. I personally always have been using Claude to write script because there's something about Claude and writing skills. It's so much better than any other AI that's out there. So, I like this. We're using Claude API and brand voice document. Perfect. Which means I can customize my own brand voice. That's great. And a script writer is right hook. Thumbnail designer is find reference thumbnails generate CN's version. We're using Nana Banana Pro API and Claude Vision. Video editor is autoedit footage to script brand colors and captions. We're using the script API and claude API. Daily reporter compile everything into Excel and send email digest Google sheet API and Gmail API. And for shorts phase two, this repurpose the long form into shorts automatically. That sounds heavenly, right? I mean, there's a lot of SAS like like Opus or even the script. I think they did that. So using the descript API would be just fine because I'm already paying for it. So let's go with the agent. So this is explaining the specific agent breakdown what they will be doing. Let's see the influencer channel to monitor. Okay, these are all great people right here. And add any channels you've subscribed to or Claude will put them in. Awesome. Because I do have a lot more that I would like to, you know, touch base with because a lot of them are pretty big. like they're all big in AI industry. I want to find some smaller channel as well. Transcout, YouTube, and X. Okay, here's the formula that they're talking about. I want to look at this formula. Outlier score is the video view in 48 hours. And channel average 48 hour views times 100. Score is higher than 200. That's a strong outlier. And scores more than 500 is a visual viral outlier. agent flags these for you automatically. It specialize it specifically prioritizes smaller creators under 50k sub and with outlier scores not just big names. Outlier top five outlier videos per day each with title thumbnail screenshot link. Okay, this is great especially that it has the video view versus channel's average within the 48 hours. But I want I don't know if I want just the 48 hours or like maybe a week. I don't know how Vid IQ does, but pretty much I want to get the videos that are popping up like I mean 48 hours sounds actually pretty good for the AI channel because everything just is happening so fast. I feel like if I'm a week behind, I'm very behind. So this is good. I'll just leave it. Agent three script writer is short, punchy, six to 10 words maximum. hook and intro if you're trying to build income with AI but okay sure I can refine that as I go honestly but let's go more viral tease output format agent for thumbnail designer put video editor okay hold on so after they put it they're going to save it to Google Drive okay that's pretty cool and video editor the script API remove filler words yes that's what I want add captions to your brand font. I only want caption for the first intro though, so I'm going to add that. Add intro to outro bumpers match your established edit style. For video editing, I want you to make a couple changes. Removing filler word is perfect, but I also want you to use layer towards the beginning for intro. Intro has to be as much as animated as possible. You can also use B-roll that the script has and or create B-roll using the script AI and you can also cooperate and then work with Underlord which is AI of the script and also I want you to add caption just towards the beginning for intro section not throughout the whole video. And for the beginning intro, if you can add like a subtle music, very quiet, not loud music, cuz I want my voice to hear more than the music, that will be great. So that's the intro. And also, the gap between words has to be less than 0.5 seconds. Cloud code versus cloud code work. Which one should I choose? All right, cloud code. It's actually seems like there's a check mark here, so it might be the better option right here. Let's see. It's best for developers. API integration and unlimited and it is API connection is limited. Based on my experience, cloud co-work is great especially for those of you who's not really technical, who doesn't want to get into like any technical stuff. This is a great platform or great tool to use. But I found out cloud co-work is very limited when it comes to API key. It does exactly same thing as cloud code where AI agent is working for you is agentic workflow but cloud code is more of a senior developer versus cloud co-work is more of your AI assistant right who's not really a developer but who learn maybe developing skills like 10 years ago 5 years ago that's just my theory behind it because every time when I'm trying to use cloud co-work and I'm trying to save some important documentation then they said don't save it here maybe like it's better to use cloud code and once you get to use cloud code it's actually pretty easy to use it and continue to use it. I personally love cloud code. So I'm not suggesting cloud code for this especially for seven agent. You definitely need cloud code. So I'm going to save couple API key in EMV file. Whenever there's a dot that's more of a secret that's local only I can see it. It's hidden. So I like that. Complete tools that we need. Cloud API. Yes, I have it. Nano banana pro open router API. The script Google accounts. I have all of those. So that's great. And it seems like they don't even need appy. That's the one that I don't have. So this is good. Step by step. Build a plan. Set up a API. Create a Google sheet. Build channel analyst first. Build trend scout and cost breakdown. Let's see how much it costs. That's important. And finally, let's talk about how much it cost. Cost is important, right? Let's go over this. Cloud API. It's per use. So about 40 bucks. Okay. YouTube. It's free for now. Rapid API is not free. Appify is optional. VPS for self-hosting is also optional. So it can be anywhere between $84 to $74. If they're doing exactly what I've asked them to do, this is nothing. Like seriously nothing. Okay. Yeah. Just like it says, compare this to the social media manager anywhere between 2 to 4K. Video editor 5 to,500 and researcher for 1 to 2K. Yeah, you can pretty much finish about 7 to $8,000 of work with less than 200 bucks. Pretty powerful. Now, for solarreneurs like myself, a tool like this is very valuable because I'm just getting started. So, I need more help and that's where AI comes in. Yeah, I'm not going to worry about the shorts just yet. I want to focus on the long form for now. But what you need to give claw code to start is very specific. I love this. You need your YouTube channel banana API and all that. And put all of this in cloud. MD file at the root of the project. This file becomes the brain every Okay, perfect. So this is the MD file. I'm going to open cloud code and get started because this is under content folder. So this is perfect. So the other thing that I can do is I can either save this into the folder that I just barely mentioned or the one of the other ways which is the way that I'm going to do right now is I'm going to say save this into MD file. Save this into cloud MD file. And I just copy and paste the whole thing that we just barely read together. All right. Now, this is all done. It said the content or image has to save to MD file. That's perfect. The image was cut off. That's weird cuz I just copy and paste the whole thing. Oh, that cut off. So, somehow the copying and paste didn't work. So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to have them find it from my download and then create a MD file. Got the full document and then it's replacing it. That's perfect. And sometimes that's what cloud code does. Clocko just talks about how hey however I can't really read this file but then like they work towards something and they're like just kidding I found a way to read it so that's the reason why I love cloud code and after that was done what I did is I just typed slash in it and what it does is typically if you don't have the MD file that they just pretty much go through every single thing on your folder and then create the MD file for you. In this case, I already had a MD file. So what it did is it created the plot directly situation which is the another MD file that I gave them before planning operations tools and and also tools and then saving tools way they and also saving tool way existing content preserve for outlier analyzer editing. Like I said, I have a lot of things going on. That's the reason why I want to make sure I have the whole system. So, it's more of a one place versus using it in multiple different ways. So, I want you to look at the MD file that I just barely created for this project. And it's suggested to have seven different AI agent to create my content social media content marketing team. So tell me exactly what I need to give you like step by step and just make it very simple as simple as possible and I want you to apply that so we can work on this right away. While I'm waiting I got my chocolate. Okay. Google Cloud API keys. You need one Google Cloud project with these three APIs enabled. And give me the API key and a 2.0 credentials JSON file. I walk you through creating these if you haven't. your Google sheet and yeah I need to create a Google sheet competitor channel list and also a brand colors and font rapid API key banana pro this is a lot guys but I can tell once I set this up it's going to be my life is going to be so much easier so I just have to get through this okay I know how to do this but I'm going to ask them to do step by step because I kind of forgot and also I don't want to take too much time of researching this step step by step. So, I'm going to ask stepbystep guidance for the YouTube data and the Google sheet, all the data analysis, all the key and credential information because I al also prefer having Claude give me very specific instruction because like I tend to forget sometimes. So, let's go over here. Consolecloud.google. All right, I had to turn on that twostep thingy and finally I'm here. Let's look at this. What did Claude want me to do? Select the projects. What is it? Sle machine social. I'm going to click right here where the project is and go to new project. And my project name is as Claude suggested sleep machine social. I need to create new and it's creating right now. Perfect. And what else did Claw said? Yeah. Make sure the project is selected at the top. Click hamburger menu and then API services library. Let's see if that's selected. This is not selected. So, I'm just going to select the SLE machine social. Go to hamburger menu right here. API keys and enable API and services. Go to the library that they suggested. And what I'm going to do is I'm going to search YouTube data API v3 right here. Click enable. That's it. This is enabled. Let's go to the next one. Google Sheets API and Gmail API. I'm gonna also enable Google Doc just in case. Enable. And yeah, enable. And also Google Drive. And I think they said Gmail. I'm going to enable all of this. Yep, these are all enabled. That's how you can check over here. Right. So, I got Google Sheets, Google Doc, Drive, Gmail, and YouTube all taken care of right here. So, go back here. Step one is taken care of. Now, let's go to step two. Create a service account for Google sheet. Still in credentials. Okay. So I'll go to credentials and create credentials. I'll click create credentials. Service account but content bot right here. Create continue the rules the editor and click go to keys tab. And next what I'm going to do is I'm going to add API key right here. All right. So now what we're going to do is go over here and then select keys and select add keys right here and create a new key. JSON file is perfect. Now let's go to step three. Go to sheets.google.com. This is easy. Basically go to your own Google right here. This is the one that I'm going to use actually. Daily outlier is the first one and content calendar is the second one. Grand voice is the third one. Competitor tracker is the fourth one. The thing is I want the exactly same as what the other people say instead of just changing to my own style. So I probably do have to change this at some point. But I'm going to open this. Maybe anyone with the link. Copy the link. Okay, this is what they want to do. So, they want us to add this machine, whatever, and then have it editor. So, we'll see if that will work. Okay, guys. After working on this for 5 to 6 hours, I'm finally done. And I can show you what I got right now. It took about maybe 30 minutes to get the actual outline done and have the agent set up. But what took me really long is the getting agent into the way that I really like personalization part, customization part. That's the reason why it took a little bit of time. But let me kind of show you what it looks like. So this is the very first thing that I got from Cloud Code. And I really didn't like the style of it. Even though this is just only for me. I just, you know, this is two AI slop color font. I didn't like it. So I just gave my brand color and font and different images. And this is what I got. I like this a lot better. I just like brown and dark green, white, beige color a little bit more. But let me go over the dashboard. So the dashboard what it has. So before I explain the dashboard I feel like I need to explain what's going behind the dashboard. You know what is the some of the resources that they're using to create the dashboard. So the very first thing that I asked cloud code to do is turning everything into my style sle. So cloud code actually studied what my channel is about. How many subscribers I have? Who's my ideal customer avatar and what videos are performing well? Why is it performing well? It did a little bit analysis of my own style and also it did a great job at getting the competitor analysis as well for some other creators talking about AI niche and how many subscribers they have views videos and based on the competitor analysis that they have they actually get the outlier videos based on the other YouTubers videos. So if one of the video is popping up really well then it shows a higher outlier video and is recommending me to record a video and make a video based on that topic and it updates every single day. At first I put it under 48 hours. So whatever videos are popping up within the 48 hours period but that was just too short. So I just increased that to 5 days. So I'm just going to get all this different information every single day. this Google sheet the clock code actually have access to edit it and that's the reason why they can update this on daily basis and not only that I actually get email from them as well so let me show you that as well but before I go over email let's go over the dashboard so I love this this dashboard because it's a lot easier for me to look at it compared to the Excel documentation that I just barely shared with you so it's it's telling me specifically how many outlier video that I have from YouTube and x Twitter I didn't have Instagram just yet because I just set that up. But I feel like YouTube and X is just fine from the get- go. And so it's giving me specifically Outlier video and title that they use. If I click it, it can go straight into his channel over here. If I click Dam Martell's over here, it can go straight in here. So I can actually listen to it and read it as well. But something that I really like is I can just see what videos are popping up based on this outlier score that claw code has given. The next is content idea. So it's giving me like different content idea for different subject. But what claw code actually did is it picked the best content idea based on the outlier video and my brand style. And in today's script section over here, I asked Cloud Code to give you very specific intro like 30 seconds has to be all scripted. So that's the reason why it has all different steps that I give in claw code and it's giving me the very specific detail. But other than that, the intro I want rest of it to be in like a bullet point. So it actually shows that. But one of the cool things about this is you don't really have to look at this because even this is kind of hard to see. But if you actually click the start recording button right here, then the start recording button will have all the transcript in an easier way for me to see. It's just like easier way for me to see and all the bullet points. So this is more of a reference for me. I'm not sharing this with the viewers. However, what if I want to share the same idea to the viewers, but I don't want all the script to be there. That's when Clockode actually made this for me as well. I had to tweak it here and there, but this is what I got. So, basically, if I were to record a video like this, I'll be sharing this specific site and I'll zoom in and explain exactly what this is talking about, which is the best part. Like even this took such a long time, but cloth code is doing everything just automatically for me. And the other thing is thumbnail. So, this specific video right here, his thumbnail is looking like this. 24/7 AI employee. Sean is actually one of my friend, but this is what his video looks like. My video that clock made is kind of similar to what his but if you don't really like the similar, you don't want to really copy exact same style, cloud code also gave a very different style as well and that you can customize. So that's the thing that I asked cloud code to do is like have a reference but also you have to customize it. So that's the reason why it's giving me three different things and again I'm using Nando Banana Pro to generate this. Now it has a competitor over here and this is fantastic. So I explained to you before I'm actually getting this on daily basis via email. Every single morning I actually get email Sandy AI daily digest email. If I click full open full dashboard it goes straight into this Google sheet. So I can look at the daily outlier video or content calendar video or I can ask cloud code to open up the dashboard and it will have everything up to date. I'm filming this video like on Friday, March 13th and everything's up to date over here. And the other thing that I wanted to show you is the editing team. Now editing took me a little bit of time because the scripts API is fairly new. It didn't really have some of the things that I wish that they had. But then something that this script actually has is it has a AI feature called underlord. So you can ask the underlord to do different things. I don't know if you can see the little icon over here. This is the underlord. So what I asked cloud to do is hey maybe ask the right prompt to underlord so the scripts AI can edit the video for me. So that's what it did. I didn't touch this video but then this video already got edited. it remove all the filler word all the words like repeat video that I don't really want and it starts straight from here which is fantastic and all I need to do is I need to add it more layers and that way the underlord can use the exact layer for my intro and that will be just perfect like that will be just done deal and I removed some of the gaps so my editing team is almost done as well and all I have to do is put the video into the script and underlord use by claw code will fix it and after completing editing it can actually automatically post to YouTube video for me as well which is yes it's going to save so much time I'm so excited for this I am so happy with the thing that I built it took me couple hours over several days like I would say two to three days because you know I've been working on it here and there I'm going to share everything to you on this notion documentation so just click the link below and you can go there, sign up and and make sure that you get that notion documentation and use that as a a bone again, right? Just the frame of it. This is more of a foundation and I want you to alter it and change it to your own niche. If you're in different niche, marketing, real estate, or whatever niche you're in, I want you to change to your own style and also your own brand voice. Obviously, your brand is not going to be like dark green and beige. Maybe you are. It's fine just to use it. But I want you to have your own voice because personal brand that's that's what it's all about. Like everything's personalized. But because I built most of it, this is going to save so much time for you. But you're not going to get this done within 30 minutes. I'm not going to lie. And it's going to take a couple hours. So just get ready. But good thing is I'm going to share everything with you. In the very next video, I'm going to share a couple different claw code tips that I've learned throughout the couple of months of using claw code. I wish I knew these information from the get-go when I first started it, but even Clock has developed so much since I started it. So, I'm going to share everything with you so that you're not wasting your time and credit. That's a huge so you're not waiting for like couple hours to get the clock code back. So, I'll be sharing everything with you. So, stay tuned. Make sure to subscribe so you can watch the next6.클로드 코드 씨가 제 마케팅 팀 전체를 구성해 주셨습니다클로드 코드 씨가 제 마케팅 팀 전체를 구성해 주셨습니다!: 던칸 로고프 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ILmwmgMcCnc&list=PLV9oAPEVkfxJHxwmRAgvh0BIutB4evxqN&index=7


one single person. The entire marketing team for Anthropic, the company that makes Claude and Claude Code, was run by one single person for an entire 10 months. And in this video, we're going to use what he learned to be building your very own personal marketing team. Let's dive in. Copy the link to this and I'm just going to go ahead and give this over to Claude and see what he can come up with. Went ahead and created an entire LinkedIn post. Gives us all of these email subject lines. Gives us all of these video hooks. And if you want to expand this out to write full email bodies, full video scripts and things like that, you can literally just tell Claude, "Hey, I want to expand the skill to include email body copy and full 60-second short form video scripts." So, by the end of this video, you have a working content system that knows your brand voice, your tone, your offer, your rules. You have two agents to write all of your hooks, and all of the body copy. You will have the architecture or the orchestrator agent that will route everything where it needs to go. And then at the end we will run it live with a single prompt to test out the system end to end. So this is Austin Laauo and he is a growth marketer at Anthropic and this article came out talking about how they cut their creation time from 30 minutes to 30 seconds with cloud code. The crazy part is that until he joined the team, Austin had never written a single line of code in his life. But there he was for 10 months running the marketing team of a $380 billion company by himself. For him, this meant paid search, paid social, email, and SEO. So, I wanted to see today if we could take the strategies and frameworks that he discovered to run the marketing team of a $380 billion company and apply that to our very own content system inside of Claude code. Something that would take your personal brand voice that captures your tone and your offer. Creates two specialized agents to write all of your hooks and your body copy. This could be for email. This could be for LinkedIn. This could be for videos, carousels, you name it. And a single orchestrator skill that is going to tie this all together. So you can run this with a single command. So this all came about because Austin was trying to run this entire marketing team and he found that he had a million tabs open and was in a million different applications all of the time and he just couldn't keep up with all of it. So what he did was create the SLR RSA skill which stands for responsive search ads. So he could run paid search, paid social, email, and SEO all from a single place. And just so you know, when I say command or slash command, I just mean these little things inside of Claude, you literally come in, you type slash, and then whatever the name of your skill is, and it will run like an entire series of functions. You can do this inside of Cloud Code, inside of the terminal if you're a little bit more advanced, or you can also use skills inside of the desktop app. I don't want you to get overwhelmed with the concept of skills because if you have been working inside of chat tpt or quad, you can basically think of skills as like a more advanced system prompt. Inside a custom GPT or quad project, you have a system prompt, which is the prompt that tells the system exactly what you want it to do and how you want it to behave. And you have something called a knowledge base, which is all of the context and other information that the system prompt pulls from. So, it just knows exactly what to do. You can think of skills inside of quad code very similarly except it can take it one step further. You also have the ability to write code or certain scripts so that it can build things. It can create websites. It can actually take action for you on your behalf. So here's essentially how RSA works for Austin. Basically it would take your brand voice or your company's brand voice. Any of the data that it has, the existing copy, things that have already been written and any keywords and it would just feed this into the orchestrator. And the orchestrator would go through this series of actions. It would create 15 different headline options, four different description options, and it would create an upload ready CSV ready for paid marketing. It would likely look something like this, all generated simply by inputting a single topic. For us today, I want to build something similar, but targeted more towards individual marketing or personal brand growth. So, here we are inside of Claude. And as always, anything that we build today will be available for you at the link in the description. And today, I want to start off in Claude chat because we're going to need to extract a couple of things. We're going to need our tone of voice guidelines and we're going to need information about you and your audience and your offer and things like that. Good news is we can do everything that we're doing today with just a couple of prompts. If you've been talking to Claude, do this first part in Claude. If you've been talking to Chat GPT, do this part in chat GPT because both systems will actually have kept a memory of your conversation and they will know a lot more about you than you think. So, the first thing that I want you to do is I want you to clone yourself or create a data packet of everything the system knows about you. your name, your business, your projects, your goals, how you like to communicate your audience, your offer, your content pillars, all of this stuff. This is going to be the foundation. What's incredible about this? This is not only going to set you up for what we build today, this is going to set you up for everything you build in the future. So, I have this prompt here about cloning yourself and creating a data packet of information. If you don't have access to this prompt, you can always just ask Quad to interview you and say, "Hey, ask me a bunch of questions about my audience and my offer and my business. I want to create a comprehensive data packet of everything we can figure out. So, I'm just going to copy this prompt and I'm going to come over into Cloud Chat and I'm going to paste this in. And now the system is going to search through all of its memory. We've been talking a lot and it's going to create this entire packet of information that then we can feed to our content skill. I think what's interesting and challenging about cloud code is that you sort of need to think through the process first before you start building because so much of the work takes place in that foundational setup stage and you gather all of these little pieces together and then all of a sudden really quickly everything comes together for a final product. While that's cooking up, the other thing we can do is we can talk about tone of voice. How you like to write, how you speak, the words you use, things that you avoid, the way you address your audience, things like that. So, I have another prompt for you. It's this really long prompt to get your tone of voice guidelines. You can also feed this to Claude or if you've been writing on LinkedIn or you've been creating YouTube videos or Tik Toks or whatever, you can gather the transcripts from anything that you've written. If you have emails or blogs, it doesn't matter. And just grab all of that, feed it into Claude just in chat for now and say, "Hey, I need you to extract a tone of voice guidelines from me based on how I like to communicate." Okay, check this out cuz this is honestly insane. It created this entire data packet of information about me, about my professional background, about my business ecosystem, about how I run my AI agency. So, I can just save this into a folder that the system has access to. So, it can base all of our decisions based on what it already knows about me. If you're looking to build a highly profitable personal brand with AI, these are the foundations of the entire system I teach inside of the community. Just check the link in the description. So, what we can do, we can just come up here and I can go download and I can download this in that markdown format. And I'm just going to save this inside of our demo folder that we're currently working in. And so, we're going to do something really similar to get our tone of voice. I'm just going to copy this prompt, come over into Claude, paste this in, and like I said, you can gather anything that you've already written and just say, "Hey, create tone of voice guidelines from this." So again, in just a couple of minutes, I have this entire tone of voice kit that has everything about me, how I like to speak, all the core voice principles, etc. This is all tailored to me and my personal writing style. Super cool. And we can do the same thing. Just come up here and I can download this. I can save it to the same folder. And we basically have the architecture of our system all ready to go. We have all of our brand guidelines, our audience, our offer, our business information. We have our tone of voice, the way we actually like to communicate. There is one other piece of the puzzle is inside the community. I have a thousand viral hooks. This is a giant text file of literally a thousand proven hooks that already work. You can find these anywhere. You don't need to get them for me, but I have this one here, which is really great. So, we can also give this to the system and just say, "Hey, here are some viral hooks to pull from. Remix these for us." And so now we have everything we need to build out our orchestrator agent, create the skill file that we can call with a single slash command. So, we can just pop over here, go into cloud code, which is cool. We're in the desktop app. we have access to cloud code and I'm just going to go ahead create a brand new session. The only thing you need to do here is just come down to the bottom and just select the folder on your desktop that you're working in so it has access to all of the files you've already saved. I'm going to use Sonnet 4.6 for this. I think it's a great model and I do like to start out in plan mode so we can see how Claude thinks about our problem or our task before we actually build anything. And so what you could do is you could just come over to this article and I like doing stuff like this like pull from what already exists, right? So I can just go ahead and I can just copy this entire paragraph about the RSA skill that he built. Can copy this. I can come over to quad code and I can just start talking to the system to tell it exactly what I want. I want to build a slashcontent skill in the demo folder today based off of the RSA skill which I will give you some information about. In the folder you'll see I already have brand guidelines, tone of voice guidelines and some viral hooks that we can choose from. The idea behind the system is that I can write content for my audience, whether it's email, LinkedIn posts, video scripts from a single command and then I can just go ahead and paste in the article copy just for context. So the system kind of has an idea of what I'm talking about. So this took a couple minutes and Claude Code built the entire game plan for me. It wants to build a /content command modeled on the RSA workflow that Austin built at Anthropic. Same architecture. The orchestrator reads the brand and voice context. spawns format specialized sub aents assembles and upload ready output. The input is a topic. The output is a full copy bank. LinkedIn posts, email subjects, video hooks, all in my voice. Then it actually goes ahead and creates an example of the output format. All I have to do is give it a single topic. I'm just going to say I approve this plan. Get to work. So this took a couple minutes. This is done. This is the entire system architecture. Says just type /content anywhere. It's going to read your context packet and tone file. that's going to spawn all three agents in parallel. So the LinkedIn post, the email subject, the video hooks, it's going to assemble all of the copy for you. Now, just remember this is just the beginning. Like if you are creating for other platforms that aren't email or that aren't LinkedIn, like you can build separate little agents now that you understand how this works and you could just talk to Claude and you could say, "Hey, I'm also creating content for YouTube. I need you to create a sub agent for YouTube to help me write YouTube intros." So, in order to actually run this in the desktop app, you do need to restart the desktop app. So, I'm just going to quit and relaunch it. So, now that I've restarted Claude, I can just type slash to bring up all of the commands, and I can search for content. We have our brand new content skill all created for us. So, I can just go ahead and click this. Basically, what I can do is I can come over to like this Claude article here or this anthropic article here that's all about what 81,000 people want from AI. And I can either just like copy the link to this and I'm just going to go ahead and give this over to Claude and see what it can come up with. So basically what I'm saying is, hey Claude, I want to take the content of this article and write posts for LinkedIn email and a bunch of hooks tailored to my audience and in my tone of voice. So the first thing it did is it searched the web. And then you can see here that it went ahead and spawned all of the sub aents, the LinkedIn posts, the email subjects, and the video hooks. It's spawning all of them in parallel so they can work together at the same time to create all of our content for us. Okay, so pretty incredible. It did all of this work for us. It went ahead and created an entire LinkedIn post. I closed a $15,000 a month client using only organic LinkedIn content, etc., etc., etc. Anthropic just surveyed 80,58 people, the number one thing they want from AI, automate routine tasks. And then it goes ahead to write five posts in total. gives us all of these email subject lines, gives us all of these video hooks, like I built a six-figure AI automation agency using the exact thing 80,000 people just told Anthropic they want most. And if you want to expand this out to write full email bodies, full video scripts, and things like that, you can literally just tell Claude, "Hey, I want to expand the skill to include email body copy and full 60-second short form video scripts." If you made it this far, it is clear that you understand AI tools like Claude Code are important to growing your personal brand, growing your audience, and growing your business. This is the exact type of strategic thinking and tools we go deep on inside my community, the Buildroom. If you want to start growing your personal brand and making money with AI today, just check the link in the description. I'll see you over there.7.AI 자동화를 구축하지 말고, 에이전트 기반 워크플로우를 구축하세요AI 자동화를 구축하지 말고, 에이전트 기반 워크플로우를 구축하세요! (클로드 코드): 던칸 로고프 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PQE5UKHGOMQ&list=PLV9oAPEVkfxJHxwmRAgvh0BIutB4evxqN&index=10

Stop building AI automations. Start building agentic workflows. Claude Code is completely changing the way systems are built. I run a six-figure AI agency. I've built hundreds of automations using noode platforms like NAND. And I've sold these systems to multi-billion dollar companies. But Agentic Workflows are fundamentally changing the way I run my business. No code platforms eliminated the need to code with their visual interface. But now you don't even need that. With tools like Cloud Code and Google Anti-gravity, you just describe what you want in plain language. You no longer have to think about multi-node workflows or even troubleshooting. The system figures itself out and corrects itself when something breaks. In this video, I'll show you how to use Claude Code to build better agentic workflows, convert an automation from NAND to code easily, and then we'll build a UGC pipeline for ad creatives that [music] creates highquality video in just a matter of seconds. If you want access to the agent that we build today and want to build a highly profitable personal brand with AI that prints clients, I'll leave a link in the description. So, focus in, close all your open tabs, and let's build. Don't click off yet. If you were immediately overwhelmed by this NAN automation, this is one of the first reasons why agentic workflows are so powerful. This admittedly is confusing. There is a lot going on here. It took me months to learn how to build little systems like this. And so this is one of the main reasons for agentic workflows because now instead of figuring out what each one of these nodes means and how to connect them all together, you can just speak to a tool like cloud code using normal language. So today I want to take this automation that I had already built which was designed to take a product image and turn it into UGC style ads complete with B-roll and things like that and turn this into an agentic workflow using cloud code. So let me show you what the system makes which will immediately bring up another reason why we need workflows. I used to settle for lukewarm coffee on my morning hikes until I found this. This Yeti tumbler keeps my drinks ice cold [music] for hours. Okay, I'm not going to play the whole thing, but it should be already immediately pretty clear what is wrong with this video, right? She's clearly not holding the tumbr that we want. And we have some weird clips here where we get the actual product footage and we fade in to her and this and whatever. It's just kind of a mess, right? And so I could spend a bunch of time going through here and troubleshooting and trying to figure out how to make this right, how to connect it, how to generate proper images and videos and all of that, but it is immediately again overwhelming. It is so much easier to work with systems like cloud code to do the troubleshooting for us. For anyone who is new to this, let me just walk you through this at a very high level so you kind of just understand how the system works. When you get into agentic workflow building, understanding the system architecture is one of the most impactful things you can do. And this part will take me 20 seconds. So the first thing that happens is you submit a product image and the system analyzes that image to figure out what the heck the product is. Then it goes over to Chat GPT to generate a prompt for a UGC style image. It'll create something that looks kind of like this. And then this bottom agent down here is generating all of the prompts for all eight of our individual scenes. And so I can just open this up here on the right. We can see this is the output. So shot one is a woman overlooking the trail. She looks into the camera and she says, "I used to settle for lukewarm coffee on my morning hikes until I found this." And then we have the rest of the clips down here. So all the system is doing is taking those clips, generating the videos using V3 or Clank 3.0, and then at the end here, it is stitching them all together using FFmpeg. So again, flows like this bring into reasons why we need workflows with cloud code because making all of these different API calls and stitching everything together can actually be done way more simply in code. Looking at it like this may make things a little bit clearer. And then over here is a feature that a lot of people who are in AI and automation who have been using tools like NAND may not even be aware of which is called GitHub actions. So if you've been scheduling automations inside of NAND, GitHub actions actually takes the place of that and now you can schedule your workflows totally for free. Don't worry because if you've already been working inside of NAND, there's a really easy way to convert what you already have and not let all that work go to waste. So the first thing I'm going to do is I'm just going to go ahead come up here and just download this as a starting point. So, now that some housekeeping is out of the way, let's hop into anti-gravity and cloud code, and we can start actually building out this workflow. If you haven't downloaded anti-gravity yet, just come over to anti-gravity.google, download this to your machine. Sign in with your Google name and password. Here we are inside of anti-gravity. And in order to get coding, we need to be inside of a folder. So, I'm just going to go ahead. I'm going to create a folder on my desktop, and I'll just call this UDC ads. So, one of the reasons that I like being inside of a IDE or vibe coding platform like anti-gravity is because we'll be able to actually see all the files and folders that the system creates. If you want to make sure you have Cloud Code installed, just come over to the extensions here, search for Cloud. It should be the first thing that pops up. You'll see Claude Code for VS Code over here. You can just go ahead and this is installing. And once this is installed, you basically have access to the Claude Code agents with this little guy up here in the top right. So, the first thing that we need to get started is an actual image of our product. So, I just searched for Yeti Tumblr. I think this pink one seems kind of cool. So, I'm just going to go ahead rightclick, save image as, come over to our desktop into our UGC as, and we can just call this Tumblr. Click save. And now, what's pretty cool about the platforms is, like I said, if I come over into our files here, we can actually see we have this Tumblr already built in to our project. The next thing I want to do is I just want to bring over that JSON file that we downloaded because this is a really good starting point. It obviously had some issues, but now this is where cloud code becomes so powerful because we can be like, yo, quad code, how do we make this better? I'm going to talk to the system, tell it what we have, tell it where I want it to be, and let's see what we can create. In your folder now, you have a Sora ad creator JSON. This was originally an automation workflow in NN. I'm essentially trying to recreate this in code today, but I want to improve it and I want to make it better. The idea is that we feed it a product image, in our case, the image of the Tumblr. We generate multiple UGC clips with the same hero actor as well as some B-roll footage of the product itself. And then we stitch all of those things together using FFmpeg. I think we can likely do this with Claude Sonnet instead of chat GPT. We were using some thirdparty services for FFmpeg. We can just do this natively inside of code. Let me know how else we can improve the system to get the best results. So, that might seem like I said a lot to the system, but really, if we're able to build an entire agentic workflow in just a couple of minutes by speaking to it in natural language, being thorough and detailed with your prompting is going to have the biggest effect on your final outcomes. So, this just took a couple of seconds to analyze the JSON workflow, basically figure out what the current pipeline is, the image analysis, and how we generate the images and the scripts and things like that, and then basically what we can improve. So, it wants to replace GPT40. You can tell this is an old automation of mine. So, we want to upgrade it to be a little bit newer. We can basically just do this with Claude now so that we don't have to be jumping back and forth between different APIs. We can ditch [clears throat] FAI's ffmpeg service. We can use this with basically a local FFmpeg model just built into our machine. This does say to add audio, the big missing piece. I actually know that a lot of these video models will produce audio. So, I'm going to let the system know about that. This is cool. It suggested we add captions. We can burn these in for short form video, which is drives high engagement. One of the other advantages to code is being able to speed things up and do multiple tasks in parallel. So instead of having to go through things one by one, you can actually be generating all of your images and videos at the same time. This is really close. I do know that a lot of our video models maybe we use Clling 3.0 which generates great audio so we don't actually have to use another service like 11 Labs. Captions are great. I don't know that we need background music in this case. I don't think we should use cross dissolves. I think we should just have hard cuts between scenes. And let's start with that. So, I'm going to send this off and let me show you the service that we're going to be using today. This is a service called Kai AI and basically this has access to a whole bunch of image and video models. It's really the cheapest way to go about doing things right now. So, there are a couple models that I want to make sure we have access to. One is Nano Banana 2 and I also think that Clang 3.0 is like pretty cost-effective right now and easy to use. So, I'm going to open up Nano Banana 2 and I already have Clang 3.0 up right here. So, what's really great about this site is you can make all your different API calls to a single location. And so, I can just come into the API documentation right here. And this basically tells you everything you need to know. And what's great about Claude Code is I can literally just give it this page and it will figure it out for me. You really don't need to understand what anything is here. So, I can just come up here and go to copy page. Come back into anti-gravity. Let's go ahead and use Kai AI, which is great for the reference actor image to keep the same. I want to use nano banana. actually already suggesting that we use KAI because that's what I was originally using. So, I may not actually even need to give it any of that documentation. For captions, what style am I going? Bold and centered. Great. Big bold white text center two to three words at a time with highlight color on keywords. Sure. Let's see how it does with that. And I might as well just give it the API documentation just so it has it. It should speed things up. Here's the API documentation for Nano Badana 2 on Kaii as well as Cling. We're literally just going to paste that in. And then I'll come back over to Cling, go into the API documentation, copy this as well. Paste that in there, too, just so it really has access to everything. So, this came back with a full plan based off my responses, gave me an indication of the caption style that it's going to do. So, it also identified from the Cling API docs this Cling elements parameter, which lets you define the hero actor as a reusable element for character consistency. So, what's really cool is you can just use the same character over and over again. gave me some indication of what the caption style will be and then some verification. How do we actually check to make sure things are looking good? You have a couple of options. You can do yes and auto accept. You can yes and manually approve all the edits along the way. Or if you're unhappy with this, you can just keep planning. I'm going to go with auto accept. Let Claude do its thing and see what we can cook up with. One of the reasons why Claude Code is so freaking cool is because it actually has this little to-do list and you can see it working. So stage one is cloud vision analysis. Identify what the product image is. Claw two is the hero actor reference image generation. Stage three is parallel video generation. Stage four downloading the clip. Stage five adding the captions. And stage six is putting everything all together. This is the reason that I wanted to basically use anti-gravity to show you this today instead of cloud code in the terminal is that we have access to all of the files over here in the left side. So if we want to open up any of the code or things like that or take a look at the outputs, we have access to it right here. One of the other main reasons to use something like cloud code instead of n is troubleshooting. I tell everyone that troubleshooting is 90% of the job. And we can see here that Quad goes, "There's a bug in this script. It's already this type of function. It's doing it wrong. Let me just go ahead and fix that for you." If you're running into issues or errors in NAD, you'd have to go and figure out what's wrong and troubleshoot everything yourself. But now code can just do that for you. This took a couple minutes and it built out the full project structure for me, all of the files and folders. Basically, it showed us what the key improvements were from before and after. So instead of doing three different models for LLM calls, we're just using Clawson Sonnet. So instead of using V3 for video generation and batching things out with 3se secondond intervals, we're just using Clling. We're using Cling elements for actor consistency. We're using native Cling audio. We're using bakedin captions which we didn't even have before. We're using a local FFmpeg model to stitch everything together rather than making another API call. And we're handling errors automatically using cloud code. There are two more things that we need to do to get this up and running smoothly. First, we need a couple of API keys. So, I'm just going to open this example file. And right here, what we need is an API key for Anthropic or Claude. We need an API key for Kai AI. And right here, it wants us to have an API key for the site called ImageB, which is basically a place to publicly host all of your image and video files so that way the systems have access to them. But I know that Kai also has a place where you can upload your videos and images for public access. So rather than introducing a third API key here, why don't we just go ahead and narrow it down to two. So over in here, Kai basically has in their documents this file upload API. So if you're starting to get into automation or code building or anything, understanding API documentation, how to read it, where to find it, all of those things will really be to your benefit. I'm just going to click copy this page, come over here, and I can say I know Kai API actually has a place for you to upload files publicly. So let's use that instead of imageB. So, we only need two API keys. And I'm just going to paste in all of that documentation right there. And then Quad will go ahead and update the code for me to reference this new endpoint. So, in the meantime, I'm going to create a new environment file. Just env we will call it. And basically what an environment file is is a place for you to store your API keys secretly, safely, securely that no other systems have access to. So, I can just type in anthropic API key. Hit enter. I'll hit enter one more time. And I know I need this Kai AI API key equals. And now I will show you where you can find both of these. Since we're already inside of Kai Aai, inside your account on the left hand we have API keys. Super easy to create. All you do is click create API key. I'll just call this UGC ads. Click create. And you can just copy and paste this API key over into your environment file. So I'm just going to paste that in there. And we have our API key all good to go. I'm going to delete this after the video is posted. So don't worry about me. So next I'm going to come over to platform.cloud.com to get my anthropic API key. Still in this left panel here, we have API keys. Same situation. Go ahead, click create API key. And we can just call this UGC ads as well. Click add. We'll have a new API key ready to go. I can copy and paste this back into the environment file. Click save. And now that's really all we need. Great. This says this removed image BB entirely. Product images now upload to Kai's free file hosting. Just needed the two API keys which I just gave it. And I can say I just created an environment file that has the two API keys for you. Great. Both keys are loaded. It asked me if we are ready to run this. Yes, go ahead. Kick this off. So, while this is kicking off, if we go ahead and we look back at this, the thing I wanted to talk to you about is GitHub actions. So, GitHub is super super cool. A lot of people I know who have been building automations don't really know about this feature, but this is gives you a way to automate all of your workflows just based off of code. GitHub actually has a way for you to run and schedule your tasks natively inside the platform. Totally free, all open source, easy. So the first thing I'm going to do inside my GitHub account, I'll just come over to repositories. I'll create a new repository. Really, Cloud Code can do this for you, but I'm just going to do it here manually. So you can see we can just go ahead call this UGC ads. Great. I'm going to set this to private. Going to create the repository. And we are almost all good to go. If you are going to be running anything using GitHub actions on a schedule, GitHub is going to need access to your API keys. They'll still be private. They'll still be stored securely. All you have to do is come into settings down here and come over into this left panel where it says secrets and variables and come down into actions for GitHub actions. And what we want is we want to add new environment secrets. These will look familiar to you. So what we want to do is we want to do the same thing. You can see I already have some saved here. So the anthropic API key that we just created, we can come in here, go into our environment file, copy our anthropic API key and paste it in. And then just click add secret. And we need one more for Kai AI. I have this kai Aappi_key. And the same thing, we're just going to copy this over to GitHub. So now we have access to this via our GitHub repo. So we can use GitHub actions. And now the reason you might want to do this is if you have a product, you may want multiple videos going out. So you can autopublish to Tik Tok or Instagram or YouTube Shorts or wherever, right? So instead of just having the system create a single video cuz it's kind of a waste, what you can do is now we can start doing things like dropping multiple product images into the single folder and say, "Hey, randomly select one of these images, create a variation on the scene or the topic or the hook angle or things like that to start generating new clips every day." And if we want, we could run this 10 times a day. And what we can do is just have like a brand new insane ad machine pumping out content 247. So, like I have this pink one here, but maybe I want to have access to a brown Tumblr, right? So, I can save this image. We can say Tumblr brown. And if we scroll down, maybe let's just go ahead and grab this red one since we liked it before. Tumblr red. Okay, so this just finished. Let's check out the ad it created. It's probably not perfect, but we can always go ahead and make really easy adjustments from here. You guys, I found the perfect tumbler that actually keeps drinks cold all day. This Yeti tumbler isn't just pretty, it's seriously the most functional piece I own. [music] The handle makes it so easy to carry. And look at this gorgeous pink color. Ice stays frozen for literally hours. No cond. So pretty cool. There are still a few little issues, but like we didn't really tell Quad like how to prompt it specifically, like it just figured it out. So if we were to go in and work on the prompting a little bit more, I think we can get incredibly accurate results from this. So let's go ahead. Let's get this live up on GitHub running with action so that we can create new content every single day. And then I'll just show you how I would go about plusing this up or making this better over time. So remember, we set up this UGC ads repo with our actions all ready to go. And we could just come back into anti-gravity and I could say I want to host all these files on GitHub and I want to use GitHub actions to run this every single day so that we can create you new UGC style content every single morning. I'm just going to paste in the link to the GitHub repository. And so while this is cooking up, there's a couple of things you might want to think about on how you can improve this over time or really expand this out. So instead of doing this once every morning, maybe you could have this run five times a day. You could start thinking about using different UGC heroes or UGC actors. You start thinking about saving your clips for long-term use. So that way instead of having to recreate things every day, now you can start mixing and matching different A-roll or UGC clips with B-roll, different environments, different backgrounds. So, there's so much that you can do with this. You can even have it set to generate new hooks and start figuring out which hooks are performing the best. So, you can start to see how this becomes really, really powerful the more data you get. So, the more content you create, the more data you get around what's working and what's not working, the more you can refine the system to build better, more effective, more highly engaging content over time. If you'd like to see a video where I use the new auto research skill to do just that and improve a real Tik Tok account over time, let me know in the comments. Maybe I'll make that video next. Cool. So, this went ahead and asked me which product image should it use. Should it rotate through multiple images? Use a fixed one or accept an input parameter. So, I'll just say other and I'm just going to say it should randomly choose one of our three Yeti product images. So, now we can actually have a mix and a variety. And if we wanted to, we could expand the product line. It doesn't just have to be tumbs. It could be something else, too. So, it took a couple seconds. All of our code is now pushed to our GitHub repository. If we go over into actions, we can see we have the daily UGC action all set up. It hasn't run yet, so there's actually no history. But once this runs, we'll get a history of our workflow here. So, I hope you can see why it's so powerful to convert your existing automations into agentic workflows. They're so much easier to adapt, grow, scale, troubleshoot using cloud code and using natural language as opposed to figuring out how to do everything inside of a platform like NAT. If you made it this far, you're obviously interested in using industryleading AI tools. If you want to learn how to use those tools to grow a highly profitable personal brand that prints clients in 49 days, just check the link in the description. If you want eight of my best tips on how to use Google Anti-gravity better than 99% of other people out there, check out this video right here.8.Content for 9 Socials on AutopilotContent for 9 Socials on Autopilot with Claude Code: 네이트 허크 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Zaoo0YbYaw&list=PLV9oAPEVkfxJHxwmRAgvh0BIutB4evxqN&index=9

You can see right here, all I said was, "Hey Claude, I want you to take this YouTube video and repurpose it into a LinkedIn X and Instagram post." Then I dropped in the link to the YouTube video and shot it off. Not only did it create all these assets, but it also found bugs in its own code and fixed those. And then we have this folder over here called drafts. And if I open it up, you can see that we have building beautiful websites with claude code, which is the video I gave it. And then in here we have Instagram with our actual post text and five visuals. We've got LinkedIn with our post text and a visual. And then same exact thing for X. So, that exact workflow right there took me from having one long form YouTube video to having a finished LinkedIn post, a finished Instagram post, and a finished expost. And if I wanted to ask it to generate posts for six other social platforms, it could because it can use all of them and understands how they all work. So, today I'm going to be showing you guys how you can basically 9x your content game using a combination of Cloud Code and Blot. So, right now, when you're creating content, you know, it takes a lot of time. And when you put all that time into creating, let's just say a YouTube video, it'd be really nice to be able to repurpose that content into different platforms as well. So what can help you do is it can create the source. So it can look through transcripts, websites, PDFs, it can find inspiration. It can then create visuals for you. So infographics, carousels or videos and then it can actually go ahead and schedule that stuff. So it can post it to nine platforms. It can create the stories. It can create the, you know, content calendar. And we can do all of that using potato and automate it with cloud code. So you guys saw a demo earlier, but I'm literally going to set up a brand new account today. I'm going to walk you through the exact steps that you need to do. And basically all we have to do is get our API key, add our MCP config for, and then just connect our accounts and we're already ready to start creating content in less than 5 minutes. All right, so the way that I like to use cloud code is within an IDE called Visual Studio Code. Now, you could use this in anti-gravity, you could use it in the terminal, you could use it in cursor, but I like to use Visual Studio Code. So, if you don't have this, then just go to your browser, type in Visual Studio Code. You can download this for both Windows or Mac or whatever operating system that you're on. Now, once you're in here, this is what it should look like, and I'm going to walk you through everything you need to click on and everywhere you need to type. So, don't get overwhelmed. If you'd rather watch like kind of an intro video and then come back, then I'll tag this one right up here and then hop on back over here. And by the way, if you've been watching my channel for a while, then you've known about Blot. I showed it in Naden in this video and also in all of my kind of like faceless shorts videos, we use Blotato to do the auto posting and scheduling. But now I'm just showing you how it's actually a lot easier to use with Cloud Code. So that's exactly why once we're in here, we're going to go over to this lefth hand side and click on the extensions button. And all you have to do is type in Cloud Code. It'll be this one right here that's verified from Anthropic. And then you'll just go ahead and install this. When you install it, it will prompt you to sign in with your paid Cloud subscription. Now, this does have to be the Pro or Max plan because if you're on just the free, you don't have access to Claude Code. Now, once you've installed this, what it will do is give you this little orange button in the top right, which lets you open up Claude Code. And this is kind of like your typical Claude or Chatbt interface where you get to talk to an agent right here. And now what we need to do is open up a project or a folder. So, I'm going to go over to this top left button that says explorer. And it will say you have not yet opened a folder. Go ahead and open one up. And that's where we'll be working inside for this specific, you know, AI social media poster project. So, I just went ahead and I created a brand new one. I just called it potato. There's absolutely nothing in here. And this is what your screen should look like. And now what we want to do is just basically close out of the welcome thing. We can go ahead and double click and then hit the cloud code button. And now we just have our files which will be on the left. We don't have any yet. And then we have our cloud code agent right here that we are going to be able to talk to. So, what I'm going to do in the chat is paste in this prompt that says, "Create me a new skill called repurpose YouTube video." It's going to create an AI social media manager that makes social media posts for LinkedIn, Instagram, and X. The user will input a YouTube video URL and wants it, I misspelled this here, to be turned into a LinkedIn post, Instagram post, Xost, and each one should have a visual that's optimized for that platform. So, potato is basically going to take this video and do everything for us. I end this prompt by saying, "Ask me clarifying questions one at a time until you are 95% confident that you can complete the task successfully." And I kind of use this templated prompt from Sabrina. So, shout out, Sabrina. You guys can all copy and paste this exact prompt for my free school community, or you can just copy it by looking at it right here. So, now that this is running, it's going to start going through that process. The first thing that it's doing is it's researching about Blotato to figure out what it's actually able to do. And it's basically going to help us build out this flow where we drop in a video. Lotato extracts the transcript, adapts the content for these different media platforms and then it creates everything and then we're able to review it and then just basically approve it manually. Now, before I start going through this flow of answering questions, I wanted to explain what is a skill because you'll notice I asked it to create a new skill. Just think of a skill like a recipe. If you tell your agent to write a LinkedIn post, it would look at the LinkedIn post skill and that would have the name of the dish, the ingredients, the steps, and then the finished output. That way, the agent could read the recipe and make sure that every single time you ask it to make that dish, it comes out perfect. So, because we're turning this process into a skill, every single time we use it, it's only going to get better and more consistent. But anyways, now we're going to come back into Cloud Code and answer the clarifying questions. So, it's asking me what program language to build this in. I don't really know what I want to do here, and you may not either. So, what I'm just going to say is whatever you think is best. It decides to go with Python because it's the cleanest for this kind of APIdriven tool. So then it asks, should the tool autopublish or do preview and approval? I want you to always make sure I review it before you ever publish anything on my social media accounts. And if you guys are curious about how I'm talking and words are appearing, then check out the description for the tool. Anyways, for the AI generated post copy, do you want to use Claude to write the tailored posts or should the tool just reformat the extracted YouTube content without an LLM? I definitely want to use Claude to rewrite the text content for the different platforms. Cool. So, we'll eventually have to give it an enthropic API key as well as the Blot API key. Now, it asks about the tone of voice that we want. So, in this case, if you had like a custom GPT or cloud project already that helps you write LinkedIn posts or Instagram posts, you could just go ahead and grab the instructions from that and put that here. But for now, I'm just going to keep this really simple for the sake of the demo and just say platform adapted, professional on LinkedIn. Um, and on X, you can be casual and maybe even a little bit humorous. Now, it's asking for Instagram. What type of post should it create? I would like you to create a educational carousel that looks like I am writing tweets. And now it asks about the visuals for LinkedIn X. For LinkedIn, let's do a key takeaway graphic. It should be clean and it should have some text that explains the value in the video. And for X, yeah, let's just do something eye-catching, maybe a cool quote. Next question is, how do you want to review the stuff? Let's just go ahead and save everything to the drafts folder so I can take a look at it myself. When publishing, should you be able to selectively approve which platforms to post to? Yeah, I will tell you one by one which ones have been approved. I think I nearly have everything. One last question. Should the tool let you edit the draft text files before publishing and have the publish command pick up your changes? Absolutely. Okay, so it looks like we're done with the question stage now. Now, you might notice that there's still some stuff that we might want to give to this platform, like maybe some more information about our business. It doesn't really know anything about what we do and maybe things like the colors we like to use or our logo or something like that so that it can be on the visuals. So, now what it's going to do is it's going to build up those different tools. As you can see, it makes a to-do list and it's going to go through one by one and finish all that. And also, what you're going to notice is on the lefth hand side, we're going to start to get files and folders in our project set up. And that's really important because if your cloud code workspace isn't organized and it doesn't understand where files are and if you don't understand where files are then it's just going to get messy and it might be hard to manage the context. Okay, so that has finished up. You can see that we have a new project structure. So over here we have a pi cache. We've got claude with our command. So this is essentially the exact same thing as skills. So this is the repurpose YouTube video skill that it created. You can see that it created some actual Python scripts to draft to post to publish. And so maybe we would want to clean this up and put this in a different folder called scripts or something like that. But the action item on us now is to actually set up our API keys. So if I go into thev, you can see that we have a potato API key and an anthropic API key that we need to set up. So the first step would be to use the link in the description and go to and that will help you get 30% off for 6 months. Now once you get that set up, all you'll have to do is go over to the bottom left and go to your settings and then click on right here API. And this is where it will ask you to just basically make sure that this is a paid feature. So if you enable it, you will be on a paid plan. And then you'll go ahead and copy this API key right there. And then in thev, you'll paste this in. And then you will save it. And then it's also asking for an anthropic API key. I'm actually going to go ahead and use open router instead because you can access all the models there. So I went into open router. I created a new key and I'm going to copy this and paste it into Visual Studio Code. And I'm just going to tell Cloud Code that I am using Open Router with Claude models instead of Enthropic, but you can use whatever you want here. So, I just cleared the context and we're about to do a test run. But before that, I just wanted to show you guys something that we can do that's pretty cool real quick. So, I'm going to go over here and I'm going to drop in a new folder. And I'm going to call this brand assets. Now, what I'm going to do is drag in a profile picture of myself in the brand assets. It's this provo picture right here because I wanted to be able to use this in the tweet style infographics or carousels that we told it we want to make. So, what I can do now is go to YouTube. I've got this video I made a few days ago about building websites in Cloud Code. Copy the link. Come back into Visual Studio Code and say, "Hey, Claude, I want you to take this YouTube video and repurpose it into a LinkedIn X and Instagram post. I've given you in the brand assets folder a profile picture of myself to use in these, you know, different visual posts. Let me know when you've got some stuff ready to review and make sure you're updating your skill document with your findings from this first test run. So now it's going to read through the skill. It's going to execute these different Python scripts right here. And if it runs into any issues or anything that we told it, like using our profile picture, it will update that skill document with. And here's an example of it already needing to make an adjustment is because it said YouTube is blocked by the web fetch tool. Let me try alternative approaches. So that just finished up. You can see that it started off by reading the skill. It goes through and it tries different things. It made its to-do list and it was able to create the actual textbased posts, but what happened was it actually failed on the visuals. So, what it did is it added a known issues and finding section to the actual skill itself. But, we're going to go ahead and try it again and we're going to see if it can fix it. So, I just said try to create the visuals again. Make sure they are images, not videos. And we aren't worried about posting yet. We just want you to create the assets. So, it's once again going to dive into everything. It is going to investigate the templates and then it's going to come back hopefully with something that we can review. So visuals have been created this time and apparently they're looking great and you can see once again it's updating the skill document so that that never happens again. Okay, so these have been created successfully. We've got our LinkedIn with a whiteboard infographic. Let me go ahead and open that up real quick. It's putting all of this stuff in the drafts folder and you can see we've got Instagram, LinkedIn and X and this is all for the YouTube video which is called building beautiful website. So it's keeping our stuff organized. So for LinkedIn, here's our visual. We've got a whiteboard that says building beautiful websites with cloud code, three key steps. We've got cloud.md, front-end design skill, and then adding your brand assets to a folder. And you can see at the bottom, it also says full walkthrough on YouTube at Nate Herk. And then we also have the actual post right here, which is the textbased copy of the LinkedIn post. So let's say we like that one. Let's go ahead and look at Instagram. We've got the same thing. We've got the post right here with the different, you know, slides, and then we have the actual visuals. So, here is number one. Your cloudMD file is everything. It is a system prompt that runs before every session. We've got the next one, which is the front-end design skill. And then pretty much all of these I'm assuming are the same. We've got brand assets. We've got you don't need to be a developer. And then we've got the difference between vibecoded and professional. So, the one thing I will say about these are that I think this would look a lot better if we had our profile picture as well as like a blue check mark verified badge. So, that's something that we'll probably want to change. And then real quick, just to look at the X post, we've got the actual text itself, which is um very casual and it's kind of more like a meme. And then for the visual, we just have a very simple quote. But as you guys know, I want to make those carousels have the profile picture in there. So I just asked Claude Code to put our profile picture in the carousel slides as well as adding a blue check mark. So we'll see if we can get the job done. All right. So look how cool this is. It fixed that workflow. So it now should have new carousel slides for us. But what it did is it actually had to resize our image because it realized that the potato API wouldn't take it if it was too big. So this was the original and then it resized it to make it smaller, but it still obviously looks the same. And now every single time that we run this for Instagram carousels, it should be able to make it the way we want it. So let's take a look. All right, here is the new Instagram carousel. We've got our name, we've got the verified badge, as well as our profile picture. And so now it would just be a matter of optimizing the actual content that's put in here if we don't think that this was prompted well enough and maybe adding one more at the end which would be a CTA that says like follow for more or something like that. But keep in mind all I said was take this YouTube video and repurpose it. We didn't give it any context about our business about previous Instagram or LinkedIn posts. We didn't give it anything but literally just said make us content. And the only reason I'm telling you this is because think about how much better this will be as you start to add more business context, add more brand guidelines, and then iterate and refine. We've ran this workflow twice, I think, at this point, and it's gotten better each time. What would happen if we ran this 10 times, and every time we gave it more feedback and more feedback so that by the time we're ready to host it, so that if we want it to run automatically, every time I post a new YouTube video, it automatically gives us this stuff. By the time we do that automatically, it's already like a really rock solid or battle tested skill. And by the way, in Blotato, if you go to my videos, you can see all of the ones that you've generated. And you can also go to the API dashboard to see all of the requests that you had been making to Blot. But at this point, the only thing left to do is schedule these out or just instantly post them now that we've reviewed them. So, what you do is you go to your settings and you have to log in with your different accounts. And it's literally like, let's say we wanted to log in with Instagram. We'd click on this and it would just bring us to a sign-in page in Instagram and it would connect everything very easy for us. And then after we've done that, you can see here I've only connected to my X account. It lets you copy your account ID. So basically it associates an account ID in here with potato to actually post on your behalf. But Claude code using the right API endpoints should be able to grab all those IDs for us. So there's really nothing manual here. So just as an example, let's make sure that it can actually post to X for us. Cool. That output looks great. Can you go ahead and post our content on X for us? All right, so that post is live. If I open this up, we should see on X that I did just make this tweet, which I'm going to delete right now. But just wanted to prove to you guys that that endpoint does in fact work. So at this point, now that we know this works, we could just build different skills within this kind of potato environment. So we could build one for getting inspiration. We could build one for creating, you know, Tik Tok videos, whatever we want to do. But before you start scaling this up, it's really important to have some structure to this project because we've got, you know, our claude with our skills, we've got our brand assets, we've got our drafts, but we also have some scripts right here that are just kind of in the middle of nowhere. And we also don't have a claw.md file yet. So, I'm just going to go ahead and do slashinit, which basically just reads through the current project structure and creates a claw.md file around what we have right here. And I assume at this point everyone's aware of what the cloudmd file is, but if you're not, it's basically the overall system prompt for this specific project. Meaning every time before you shoot off a message to cloud code or before cloud code reads it, it's going to read the claw.md file first to understand the direction, what tools it has at its disposal, what rules it needs to follow, things like that. Which means you don't want to keep your claw.md file very long. I think best practice is to keep it under 150 lines. Otherwise, you're just going to fill up your context much quicker. So now you can see that we have a claw.mmd file that goes over the overview, the commands, environment variables, architecture, patterns, things like that, which now, as you can see, gives our project a little bit more structure right here. But I'm still not satisfied. What I want to say now is we have four Python scripts that don't have a home. Could you throw those into a folder, maybe call it scripts or something like that, and make sure that our other skills and cloudmd files are aware of this and can reference it in the future? And that's just the way that I decided to set it up. But you could also say, "Hey, you know, we've got a ton of files here. Can you help me figure out a strategy to clean this up so we can continue to scale this project?" So, you can see that it made a new folder. It threw all of the Python scripts in there, and now it's updating other files in here to make sure that the whole project understands where everything is. So, that is going to do it for today. I think that you guys should be in a really good spot now set up with Cloud Code, set up with Plot to really improve your content game. Just a reminder that you can access the resources you saw in today's video, as well as every other resource I've given out on YouTube for free by joining my free school community. The link for that is down in the description. And if you want to go deeper with this kind of stuff, then I definitely recommend checking out my paid community, AI Automation Society Plus. The link for that is also down in the description. We've got over 3,000 members who are building businesses with AI every single day. So, I'd love to see you guys in this community. But like I said, that is the end of today's video. So, if you learned something new or you enjoyed, then please give it a like. It definitely helps me out a ton. And as always, I appreciate you guys making it to the end of the video. I'll see you on the next one.9.클로드 코드 + NoteBookLM = 무한 메모리클로드 코드 + NoteBookLM = 무한 메모리: 잭 로버츠 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6t32nPxeJb8&list=PLV9oAPEVkfxJHxwmRAgvh0BIutB4evxqN&index=10

Imagine combining Claude with the world's number one intelligence platform, Google's Notebook LM. I did this and it solves Claude's number one problem, giving Claude a long-term memory that will cut your costs and a lot of capabilities that 99% of people don't even know exists yet. And in this video, I'll show you the exact setup so you can get this full system with near infinite memory, with virtually zero [music] token cost, with a setup that just takes a few minutes. And if you don't know who I am, my name is Jack Roberts. I built and sold my last tech startup [music] with over 60,000 customers. And now I teach thousand entrepreneurs and run AI businesses of my own. So if you haven't already, grab that coffee and let's dive straight in. When you combine Claude and Notebook LM, you get a second brain. Now, what I'm going to show you in this video not only works for Claude Co-work, it also works for Claude code as well. Now, here's the thing. Claude has what we call amnesia. What do I mean by that? Well, every session that you have with it, usually you're starting back from zero, minus any long-term memory that you solved in the system and it can forget things really easily. Now, there's one tiny exception to this. I'm going to put a video on screen where I covered this yesterday. So, go and check that video out on co if you haven't seen it. But the key point still remains. Now, it can solve this to some extent by reading loads of files. But the problem with reading files is not only to increase your context, it also costs money, right? Which is why people run out of these tokens too quickly. And Claude themselves are working on improving it. They're doing a phenomenal job. They're shipping like crazy right now. I have so much coffee in Claude HQ. So, they are working on this stuff on memory. But the thing about notebook, the world's number one researcher intelligence platform, is it always remembers and it does three things that really change this whole game. Number one is it will improve memory for conversations you have in Claude code and also in codework. It will cut your costs so you're not spending as many tokens to get those answers. And on top of it, it also introduces so many new skills that can move your personal life or your business forward in so many different ways. So the best way to realize just how good this is is to show you across three use cases that you can implement straight away. But if you don't understand the actual benefits and what notebook LM can do, you're not going to be able to reach its full capabilities. And so if you take a look at what notebookm can do within Claude, right, it's pretty cool. So look, you've got persistent project memory, which means that any decisions that you make, any rational context survives across every session. How freaking cool is that? It can function in many respects like your personal CRM. Decision journal is really cool. Personal archive for different ideas, institutional knowledge. So if you're onboarding new people into your team and also meeting intelligence, any meetings you do, we can all fit into the book of Lamb. And we are under the careful and very studious watch of Claude Code himself with a really cool hairline having a good time. Now even from notebook LM we can do many things. What we call content multiplication. I'm going to show you this in a second. One source anything we talk about any project we can create podcast, video creation, social content mining, newsletter fuel, build presentations, audio overviews, you literally name it. Now the first thing we need to do before we actually go ahead and begin the skills is pretty much get it installed into Cloud. So how do we do that? Well, I'm going to put all the links for you down below in the description. We're going to move to my classroom and grab this. Now I am basically created for you a skill that will combine all this together. There's two skills in the video. The first one I'm going to use here is a Claude notebook LM skill. Not only will this install the skill and connect it to notebook alarm, but it also has many features that's going to help you connect this to Claude Co if you wish. Beautiful. So now I'm in Claude. It's a brand new Mac. So we're going to be installing this together. So let's go ahead and drop the skill in. So what we can do is literally come down here and drop the file in. And all you're going to say is execute this skill. Simple as that. And then hit enter. and let it do its wondrous things in the background. So, we're going to go ahead and use claude code initially to get this one installed. And what it's going to ask us to do is simply sign into notebook lm and it's going to grab a token. So, this is an unofficial connection. So, it's going to go ahead which means that somebody's basically built this Python script cuz we're going to download it from a GitHub repo. But again, it's already going to do all this stuff for us uh automatically because we explain it all in this skill. Then when we've done that, we'll basically sign in. We'll get the cookie. And then once we've got that token, anything that you can do in Notebook Alan, the creation of projects, the creation of assets, the asking questions, we can all do from within Claude. Now, how incredible is that? Like that's literally insane. And you think about how powerful it is. It's rag system. It's a completely different way of doing memory. A very efficient way of doing memory. So instead of cramming in like several pages or several hundred pages of context about our business or meetings, we just reach over and grab the one thing that we need. And then what will happen is cloud code run some commands and it'll pop up with this. So we're going to say yes, open up the browser. So if you haven't authenticated yet, you're going to click on this one here and it will open a browser and then we're just going to sign in basically to notebook LM. Wonderful. So this will pop up and you're just going to enter in your information. And then just like that, you'll be signed into Notebook LM, which means it's all authenticated together. And once that's complete, it will basically say notebookm is fully up and working and it can see your notebook. So let's just ask it a question. Hey there, tell me the title of my last three notebooks. And then from my last latest notebook, go ahead and download for me the video that was last generated. So we'll just test and validate that actually works fine. And then it's actually found it, which is the mathematics of aentic drift. Did you know you were super interested in that? So was it great? Just save it to my downloads folder as if for example, by the way, Notebook LM can now do cinematic videos, which you're going to see in just a second. Awesome, dude. Open that up for me, please. And it literally opens up. And this was made by Notebook LM. So check this out. The artificial intelligence industry is currently shifting from the engineering of single model prompts to the design of agent orchestration. Mation moves down the chain with each handoff. You know what? Not perfect, but genuinely impressive. Notebook LM can build assets like this for anything that you're working on. It is crazy. Now, the cool thing is not everybody's going to be using cloud code. A lot of people live in Cloud Co-work. So, all you're going to do now to get into co-work and all your co-workers is the following because they're different environments. I'll say awesome. Now I'd like you to add notebook lm as a co-work skill please. Now the cool thing here is that claude code is going to generate the document for us that we can upload to co-work as a skill because claude code by itself can't grab a token. So claude code solves that for us. Beautiful. So now it saved it to our desktop as notebook lmkll.workmd. And by the way all these instructions are in the file that I gave you. So we can just do the same thing. So then we click on co-work. Then within co-work click on this plus. Come down here to skills. Click on manage skills. And over here, you're going to click on this button here at the top and click on upload a skill. And then just upload that same document. So here, we just click on this. And then you click on that skill. As you can see, it's got the description, which is awesome. Then click on open like so. And then we're going to say yeah, upload and replace. I did it earlier on my laptop, so that's why it's showing there. That's cool. Now it's all there ready to rock and roll. So if I come over to new task, I should be able to validate that. Hey there. What was the last notebook that I created? Cool. I'm just drop that one down there real quick. And just to validate it's actually fully connected. And it should use the notebook LM skill by itself. There you go. Running skill fetching the result and then it can give us some details. And now you can see in co-work it's now integrated fully with notebookm and it's pulled down the latest thing from that folder. Now there are three critical use cases that you can implement immediately with the last one being something I think you're really really going to want to use. The first one though is pretty crazy and that's what I call enrichment. It's the idea of taking something that's already great in any project and it gives you the ability to get insights that are significantly deeper so you can make better decisions. For example, let's say in co I could be in a project which just makes this even more powerful. But let's say that I'm having a conversation here about, hey, what is best practice in scaling a YouTube channel to a million subscribers? Let's say that we're having this conversation with Claude, right? And we're going back and forth and we've got all our folders, all our contacts. And if you haven't seen my last video, I linked it earlier on. And there'll be a link um down below at the end of the video as well where you can check out. But what's really interesting here is that it can leverage all of your projects, all of your context. And what we could do then is leverage notebook to get even deeper research to help us with anything that we're working on within Claude Code. For example, what I'm going to say to it now is look, awesome. What I'd now like to do is to create a brand new notebook based on everything that you know about me and this conversation as well as any other additional context within this project. Once you've done that, come back to me and then I want you to give me a distilled 10point insight with three core actions I need to do immediately based on everything that you know. Very very cool. Now this doesn't have to be in co projects. This could work in cloud code. This could work in a regular chat. But if you do this in projects, you get additional context that we can leverage. And now this will run in the background. It'll run the skill. And all we do guys is we grab our coffees, we relax, and then we come back to some beautiful insights. And there we go guys. brought down 10 distilled insights based on this entire project. It's got over 70 sources loaded, including your full channel strategy, performance data over the last 30 videos, four of my top performing videos, transcripts, my school community page, and two deep website research passage on YouTube on scaling. And it's giving me details like, hey, your channel is a conversion machine. Well, that's very generous of you to say, but we appreciate that. But what I'm going to say to it now is, awesome. Could you just open up that notebook, LM, so I can actually check out the full research that's gone into this, please? And just like this guys, it's got over 70 different resources, which is crazy. Occasionally, if it times out, it might miss this research. And as you can see, even now, it's adding it all in right there, which is amazing. And if it does that, fair enough, but just make sure you give it that little nudge to say, "By the way, always make sure that you import that, too." Because when you come back and ask them if they imported it, it says, "Great. Yeah, it timed out. So, they're going to fix it." So, just make sure you always have that follow-up before getting the data. Now, this shouldn't happen a lot, but if it does, just ask if it's imported to deep research, give it that prompt ahead of time, and it will just import the data for you. Having great enrichment is one thing, but when we're connected to notebook LM via cloud code and cloud codework, we can enrich our understanding and create assets programmatically, which is something that we couldn't do before. Let's say, for example, this time we're in Claude Code, right? And we're asking um Claude code about some interesting things like, hey, what is the best strategy for a five-step sequence email campaign? I'm launching it with my client's business. I want to make sure he gets maximum conversions. What would be the best way of doing that? So, let's say we've got this right and we're presenting to our client on Tuesday. He's like, "Jack, I need a full email breakdown." Well, one of the things that we can do is obviously chat to Cloud Co to build out a little bit of an understanding. It can do research and just like in step one, we could even use Notebook LM to get the power of 40, 50, 60 different notebooks and get that deliberate insight. So, we've come back here and we got a five-step um email sequence framework, which is really cool, decent. But what if I say then I'm like, cool, well, I'm presenting this back to the client. What if I want to create an infographic, right? How about I say something like, "Awesome. Could you do me a favor? Could you create for me an infographic in Notebook LM using some gorgeous colors, premium fonts, and then just bring that back to me, please?" Now, why is this cool? This is cool because we don't pay anything in Notebook LM. Like, it's free generation for infographics, and you can generate pretty much anything you want to with it. And on top of that, I just want to explain exactly what Notebook LM can do for research in this context. It's super important. It can do deep research, give us competitive intelligence. So, it isn't just emails. We can do market synthesis. So ingest 20 articles and get one coherent summary due diligence lit review trend spotting capabilities that would either take Claude ages to do or it just isn't as equipped as the systems that we built over in Google. I say we've built I wasn't involved in it. Maybe they should have brought me on that would have been a great thing. Then on top of that we've got these project and business operations. So postmortm analysis we can feed in artifacts ask why what went wrong and why. Quality assurance grounded proposals feed in RFPs and have that come back. client deliverable enrichments and even SOP and playbook. So the idea here is that we can leverage notebook to do things and access capabilities without burning any of our tokens included because we make the API call and then notebook does all the magic and then we just get the actual diamond the actual specific result back. And what this can also do is solve the issue that some people run into with obsidian where it blazes up your context usage where people feel they get locked out of co-work or their basically their tokens just go down so quickly. using this strategy. It's like a jab and then we get the big results back. We send off a query. It does all the processing on Google side. And then we just get the beautiful insights that we can build over time. Beautiful. And just like that, it's got a fivestep email sequence blueprint. Awesome, dude. Open this up for me, please. And let's take a good look at what it looks like. This is really freaking cool, guys. And again, you paid nothing for this. This is just all run. Here we go. We can open it up and take a look. This is the infographic. So, this is an old download. Let's go open it up. And there you go, guys. Check this out. the hook, the story, the value drop, the pitch, the closer. And bear in mind, I can specify how I want this to look. We can do many different again, anything you can do in notebook alarm, you can effectively do this also, which is just crazy. And this leads on to one of the largest problems that exist with Claude, and that is it's a long-term memory. And how do you actually solve it without spending an absolute fortune? Incredible. Well, it turns out there's a very unique solution, and it leverages this notebook LM connection. Now to do this, we're going to get the second skill of the video which is going to be available for you down below completely for free. All you need to do is come down and click on this wrap up skill and explain exactly what this is. So if you think about let me sh get download this here right if you check out this website here which is what I use my community build out the road map. If you come on to YouTube chat you can chat with me and everyone in my videos and ask questions and get resources from the community. Now what's happening here under the hood when you ask it a question it is searching a vector database and based on that database we'll pull back guides and stuff right so here's a community post about rag I click on this I can see it it's there how on earth has it done that well it's got some really interesting ways using a retrieval augmented generative system which is really cool now notebook lm works exactly the same way it's got a rag system so let's come back over now to claude coowork this works in code in exactly the same way. Now, what we need to do is add a skill. So, to do that, I want you to come over here to the bottom left, click on the plus. Then click on skills and click on manage skills. Then over here, you're going to click on this one here. You're going to click on upload a skill. And then right here, and then click on this wrap-up skill, like so. And once that's done, that will finish loading. And now it has fully uploaded. Now, how does the wrap-up skill work? So, here's the idea behind it, okay? Is that you have a conversation with her and effectively once you've had a large session, you can activate the wrap-up skill. The wrap-up skill will take everything from the conversation and store it in Notebook LM. Now, think about this. You're going to basically have this wonderful evergrowing system at Notebook LM that can effectively retrieve any information you want to with one simple call. Meaning that all of your data stays exactly in one place without you having to build up an insane context window in Claude. So, for example, if I come down here and I do the wrap-up skill like so, I click on wrap-up. Once I've done in a large conversation and it's contained lots of useful information, I go slrap-up and this is now going to go through everything, update the to-do list and run you through a particular process. So what this is going to do is see if you have a brain notebook setup and if you don't it will prompt you to create one and effectively we're going to have Jack's brain that lives in notebook lm and essentally every big session I have we're going to go ahead and we're going to store all the information over there. Now here's the cool thing. I have a Jack's brain already. So, all this is going to do now is go through the entire session and just store all that stuff in long-term memory. Meaning that we can recall it whenever we're doing any key projects without having to rely on the kind of temporal nature of the memory within a cord session. Now, guys, check this out. I've now got Jack's AI brain. I click on it. Now, look how cool this is. This report summarizes a strategic planning session. And look, session summary, the 29th of March, 2026. I click on it and look, it's got everything on there. Bis document provides blah blah blah what we did. and you go down and it summarizes the entirety of Claude. Now, this is how you take it to an even further high level. I come back over to Claude. Now, anytime I want to think about a decision or anytime I'm using it, I can always say to Claude, "Hey," and I can even add it. Here's where it gets crazy in your instructions on the right hand side. So for example, if you are in a project like YouTube, for example, within cloud code work, you can add in instructions here and I can say to it, hey, whenever you for example, if I just have this up and I just do something like context, okay, what that does is that's a feature I'm using within glider. Glider is what I've been using here, which is really cool. You can actually add these snippets in where you basically write down a word and it throws in there. But one of the things I can add in addition to that, so I can come down and I can be like, whenever answering questions about strategy, always consult the jackbrain.mmd within notebook LM. Okay, beautiful. Done. Then I click save. Why is that so freaking cool? Because now I do one simple API call. I get access to everything and it does a semantic search. Think about having Harry Potter a million books or a million books. Harry Potter Lord of the Rings. If I had to process all that information at the same time, guys, I'd be here a long time. Using it this way, it will find and draw back the very specific things we need. Meaning we get way better insights using this notebook LM strategy within Claude. It works in co-work. It also works in code. it is universal and solves the biggest problem that we've got at the moment. And so hopefully you can see this potential. Now, if you want to get your 7-day robot, I've got a free trial in the group running full Sunday. So, I'll put a link at the top of the description for you. But it does bring us on to a really important question, which is now we know how to leverage this beautiful memory system. How do we actually get the most out of co-working? How can we use this project's feature to get light years ahead of everybody else? Well, we're going to learn that by watching this video right10.클로드 코드 + 카르파티의 자동 연구 = 무적 모드클로드 코드 + 카르파티의 자동 연구 = 무적 모드! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vjJwgXsMfjM&list=PLV9oAPEVkfxJHxwmRAgvh0BIutB4evxqN&index=8

I used Andre Carpathy's auto research to build an automatically improving content machine. It makes five videos per day, publishes them, gathers real data, figures out what worked and what didn't, then rewrites its own prompts to get better every single day automatically. Let me show you how I built it, and I'll give you the entire template for free. But before that, just let me show you how it works. So what is auto research? So a couple weeks ago, Andre Karpathy, one of the founding members of OpenAI and former head of AI at Tesla, released this repo that is called Auto Research. And the idea is dead simple. You give an AI agent three things, a file to change, instructions on what to optimize, and a way to measure whether it got better. Then you just let it run. And in his case, he was optimizing for machine learning training scripts. So his experiment right here, the agent would tweak the code, run it, check if the results improved, then kept the changes if they did, throw them out if they didn't, and repeat. He ran hundreds of experiments overnight, and got an 11% improvement. But here's what most people miss. This isn't just for machine learning. You can apply this to literally anything that has a measurable output. I looked at this and thought my content pipeline has all three of these. The prompt is my train.py. The loop instructions are my program MD and the eval is real views from Instagram and Facebook. I built it and here's how you can do it too. Pulling the data. So, it all started when I posted this repo into Claude Code and asked if it was actually possible to use this repo with a feedback of views taken from social media instead because I kind of wanted to selfoptimized based on views. After a quick confirmation that it wouldn't be exactly the same cuz this has a slow loop using 24 hours as the time base, I kind of started getting obsessed and just had to figure out if I could do it. So the actual work was to pull Instagram data and Facebook data to analyze it and start creating my eval basically what to optimize for based on real data. I have fully unleashed my AI avatar to Instagram and Facebook using my AI clone. And as you can see, most of the views are a,000, but some actually get over 100,000 views without me having to film anything. And the real question was, what are the criteria that are basically 198 views, right? So, I set this all up through a metagraph API, which is completely free. I made a new app and then I went to the tools, the graph API explorer, added some Instagram basic permissions and read pages and just like that he found our 30 last reels sorted by views as top performers and the bottom performers as well. It said a clear pattern already jumping out. the wow factor visual demos crush it where clawed code or productivity content underperforms and I was like that doesn't really make sense can you actually pull a lot more data and just like that it pulled 200 Instagram reels and started getting even more key patterns of what was working and what was underperforming but because Instagram is a bit different than Facebook we had to pull from there as well so we can actually sandbox it based on just Instagram and Facebook, no other social media platforms now that it had all the data, but we had to build the eval. So, this is where most people screw up auto research. They make the eval criteria something like, is this engaging or does it sound good? That's just vibes. And what we need is a clear yes no question, no gray area. And please roast me in the comments. I would love for this to improve by you guys improving it as well. But here are the e vowels that we ended up with. This is no vibes. It's just a yes no. Does the hook describe a result or transformation? Not just a feature. Does the hook feature a person or story, not just a company? Those are for the hook quality and the content framing. Is the short framed around what you can do, not what it is. Does the script avoid sounding like a press release or change log? Right? So, you can see these are yes no questions that can be answered easily. Would the first frame of this video make someone stop scrolling? These were the 10 questions that we ended up with. And the key is that binary criteria are machine readable. You can feed a script into Gemini and ask it these 10 questions and you get a score out of 10. No subjectivity, no rate this on a scale of 1 to 10, just on vibes. It's just yes, no. But now that we had all of these, we started on wiring the loop. Here is the actual system. I'll show you in a minute. Here is the actual code that it wrote. 1,000 lines, a auto research loop that is working exactly like this. The first thing is that we pull our views from Facebook and Instagram. This is really important cuz every morning maybe we got views, maybe we didn't. Then we match an update with views to our air table. This is kind of our production system. It looks like this right now. And this is essentially where we make all the videos. And here is where the videos are stored as well. As you can see, stop everything. Robots are now mastering your favorite sports just by watching our messy YouTube clips. Pretty cool. And as you can see, we have the database here for the Eval score performance tier, etc. And the automation in the back end, just to show you, looks a bit like this. And AI can improve this by itself over time. But I'm getting ahead of myself. Next, we prescore new ideas. So we scrape social media every single morning. We have an eval that is actually based on just the sources as well. Even before creating. So there's two sets of evals here. And if it gets above a five score, it answers the creation queue. Next, we score published script. So Gemini reads each script and answers 10 yes no eval questions. That's the one you just saw. And outputs a score for every published short. Next we correlate with high eval plus high views equal validated winners. High eval plus low views false positives. That means we have to fix the eval plus handle rankings plus approval rate tracking. As you can see it's getting smarter. Then we generate and push. We write an improved prompt from correlation data winners failures. push new prompt to nan workflow via API and selfimprovement loop is going every 24 hours starting at 8 a.m. my time. All fully automated with one Python script, but you might be wondering how it evolved. As you can see, we started with the original prompt that had a hook, detail, tone, close, word budget, and etc. Then it started reframing it from announcement to a curiosity trigger. It pushed it to be broader, more dramatic. Then it tried to deepen the personalization with lifealtering language added. The hook scoped away from events more into universal and timeless discoveries. And we ended up at hoop framing sharpened with secrets about to be revealed. So it went through five meaningful revisions across two days and we can see it all here in this auto research prompt JSON that get updated every single day based on the criteria. But the last part I had to figure out was how to run it daily. The last piece is making it hands off. So the script runs every morning at 8:00 a.m. via Launchd. So that's Mac OS's task launcher. Every day it pulls yesterday's views counts and it does all these things right and at the end it actually gives me a summary or auto auto research daily report. Here it has the top performers that we have done the prompt updates with a bunch of changes that it's done with top handles and human approval as well. Currently I have a team member that is using contentmate.2.0.3 0.3 where he is using it himself manually and we got content mate v2.1 now that has this auto improvement feature built into it and literally every single day five videos get made and my coworker what he does is watch the video and if it's good he puts this one on schedule if it's not good he just says no and AI learns from this as well making it almost 100% fully automated besides quality inspection. And the beautiful thing is that it never stops getting better. Every day, the pipeline publishes five shorts. 24 hours later, the loop checks back in what happened. The prompts get slightly better. After a week and seven iterations, after a month, 30. Unlike manual tweaking, every single change is logged with the data that cost it. So when a smarter model comes out next month, I hand it that research log and it picks up exactly where it last left off. And Karpathy said this himself, the research log might be the most valuable asset. And you can apply this to anything. Your thumbnail prompts, your email sequences, your landing pages. If a prompt has a measurable output, auto research can improve it. This is the coolest thing that I found in a long while, and I'm giving it all away for free. If you want Contentmate, if you want the Nan template and you want the auto improvement loop, head to our free school community where I give away all the resources here inside of the AI clone automation. But I can understand that it is maybe a little bit technical for some people. So if you want to implement this way easier, customize it for your business, head into the AIMAT Plus community where I will help you more hands-on. Now I guess all we need to do is wait. I want to make a video in a month from now showing the exact results and what ended up happening. So, subscribe. Maybe it's gotten better or it's posting corn. Who knows? But it's going to be fun. Anyways, thanks for watching and I'll see you tomorrow at11.프롬프트 엔지니어링은 끝났습니다: 이제 '하네스'의 시대입니다프롬프트 엔지니어링은 끝났습니다: 이제 '하네스'의 시대입니다: 실밸개발자 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6gvnDSAcZww&list=PLV9oAPEVkfxJHxwmRAgvh0BIutB4evxqN&index=12

그런데요. 컨텍스트를 아무리 잘 설계해도 해결 안 되는 문제가 있습니다. 정보의 문제가 아니라 규칙과 울타리의 문제입니다. 그때는 별도의 하네스 엔지니어가 필요가 없었습니다. 그런데 AI는 다릅니다. 예측이 불가능하죠. 한네스 엔지니어링 크게네 가지 요소로 구성되는데요.이네 가지 기둥 실제 시스템에서 어떻게 만물려 돌아갈지 궁금하죠? 하네스 엔지니 너무 어렵게 생각하지 말라고 말씀드리고 싶습니다. 마지막으로 가장 중요한 질문에 한번 답해 보겠습니다.이 변화 속에서 우리의 역할은 어떻게 달라질까요? 안녕하세요. 실베개발자입니다. 여러분, 요즘 하네스 엔지니어링이라는 말 많이 들어보셨죠? 프롬프트 엔지니어링, 컨텍스트 엔지니어링 다음으로 나온이 개념 도대체 뭔지 궁금하셨을 겁니다. 먼저이 사례부터 같이 보시죠. 오픈 AI 엔지니어 세 명이 코드를 한 줄도 직접 쓰지 않고 5개월 만에 소프트웨어 제품을 배포했습니다. 이게 어떻게 가능했을까요?이 이 세 명의 엔지니어가 한 일은 코드를 쓰는게 아니었습니다. AI가 안전하게 코드를 만들 수 있는 환경을 설계한 것일 뿐이었습니다.이 환경을 만드는 기술을 하네스 엔지니어링이라고 합니다. 요즘 AI 개발 커뮤니티에서이 단어가 계속 나옵니다. 오늘 제가 여러분을 위해 확실하게 정리해 드리겠습니다. 한네스 엔지니어링을 제대로 이해하려면 거기까지 오는 흐름을 알아야 합니다. AI를 활용하는 방법로는 크게네 가지 축으로 나눌 수 있는데요. 이건 여러 레퍼런스를 종합해서 제가 정리한 프레임워크입니다. 프롬프트 엔지니어링, 컨텍스트 엔지니어링, harness스 엔지니어링, 그리고 에틱 엔지니어링.이네 이네 가지는 순서대로 졸업하는게 아닙니다. 전부 다 필요한 상호보안적인 축이에요. 오늘은 앞에 두 축인 프롬트 엔지니어링과 컨텍스트 엔지니어링은 배경으로 빠르게 짚고 하네스 엔지니어링에 집중해 보도록 하겠습니다. 그리고 마지막에 에이전틱 엔지니어링과의 관계도 명확히 정리해 드리겠습니다. 자, 먼저 하네스를 이해하려면 왜 기존 방법이 실패하는지를 알아야 합니다. 먼저 웹 프롬프트와 컨텍스트 엔지니어링만으로는 부족한지를 알아야 하는데요. 여기서 대부분의 사람들이 막힙니다. 프롬트 엔지니어링은 AI에게 말을 잘 거는 기술입니다. 계산기 만들어 줘라고 하는 대신에 공항용 계산기를 만들어 줘. 사인 코사인 러그를 지원하고 GUI를 만들어야 되고 그렇게 구체적으로 프롬트를 요청하면 결과가 확 달라지는 것을 보셨을 겁니다. 하지만 프롬트에는 천장이 있습니다. AI에게 로그인 기능을 추가해 줘라고 아무리 정교하게 써도 우리의 프로젝트 기술 스택, 코드의 구조, DB의 스키마 이런 것들을 모르면 좋은 코드가 나올 수 없으니까요. 그래서 나온게 컨텍스트 엔지니어링입니다. AI에게 프롬프트만 주는게 아니라 프로젝트 구조, 기존의 코드, 예시, API 문서, 디자인 규칙까지 같이 제공하는 겁니다. 엔드로픽의 정의로는 AI가 일할 때 필요한 정보를 적절하게 올라서 제공하는 기술이다라는 것입니다. 핵심은 많이 주는게 아닙니다. 지금 필요한 것만 정확하게 주는 것이 핵심입니다. 정보를 너무 많이 주면 오히려 성능이 떨어지는 현상이 발생하기 때문이죠. 그런데요. 컨텍스트를 아무리 잘 설계해도 해결 안 되는 문제가 있습니다. AI가 정보는 다 알고 있는데 그걸 가지고 엉뚱한 짓을 하는 경우입니다. 예를 들어서 결제 시스템을 맡겼더니 갑자기 DB 스키마를 마음대로 바꾸거나 신용카드 번호를 로그에 찍어 버리는 겁니다. 정보의 문제가 아니라 규칙과 울타리의 문제입니다. 제가 비유로 이제 말과 마구의 이야기를 한번 해 보겠습니다. AI 에이전트를 거대한 말이라고 한번 생각해 보세요.이 말은 엄청나게 강력합니다. 밭을 갈 수 있고 통나무를 끌 수 있고 사람이 도저히 못하는 무거운 짐을 운반할 수 있습니다. 그런데이 강력한 말에게 마구 즉스를 씌우지 않으면 어떻게 될까요? 숲으로 달려가고 작물을 밟아 버리고 울타리를 부수고 도망칠 겁니다. 힘이 강할수록 통제 없이는 더 위험하니까요. 여기서 두 가지 엔지니어링이 나옵니다. 에이전틱 엔지니어링 즉이 말을 훈련시키는 기술입니다. 슈론 루프를 설계하고 멀티에 조율하고 도구의 사용법을 가르치는 것 즉이 말 자체를 더 강하게 만드는 겁니다. 그리고 두 번째 하네스 엔지니어링은 가죽끈, 곱비, 수레를 만드는 기술입니다. 말이 실제로 밭을 갈 수 있도록 방향과 한계를 정해주는 장비를 만드는 겁니다. 에이전틱 엔지니어링에서는 자율 워크플로우, 즉 에이전트를 만드는 것에 집중합니다. 반대로 하네스 엔지니어링에서는 가드레이를 만들고 테스트 게이트를 만들어서 제약을 걸어 주는 거에 집중을 하죠. 에이전틱 엔지니어링에서는 AI가 어떻게 생각하는가를 다룬다면 하네스 엔지니어링은 AI가 무엇을 할 수 있는가, 무엇을 할 수 없는가에 대해 생각합니다. 에이전틱 엔지니어링은 실패할 때 프롬트를 바꿔주고 출론 루프를 조정하죠. 하네스 엔지니어링은 규칙과 테스트를 자동적으로 추가함으로써 울타리를 더 늘리거나 울타리를 더 강력하게 만들어 줍니다. 에이전틱 엔지니어링에서 인간은 위임자 감독자의 역할을 하지만 하늘스 엔지니어링은 조금 더 설계자 그리고 경계를 설정하는 자의 역할을 하죠. 핵심을 한 줄로 요약하자면 말을 아무리 잘 훈련시켜도 마구 없이는 밭을 갈 수 없다는게 핵심입니다. 그리고 오늘의 주인공은 바로 harness이 마구입니다.이 마구가 구체적으로 어떤 부품들로 만들어지는지 제가 한번 분해해서 알려 드리겠습니다.네 가지 기둥을 모두 다뤄 보도록 하겠습니다. 어 마틴 러가 체계화한 이nness 엔지니어링이란 개념의 정의는 이렇습니다. AI 에이전트가 자율적으로 일하되 동시에 안전하게 통제할 수 있는 환경을 만드는 것. 사실스라는 단어는 갑자기 등장한게 아닙니다. 소프트웨어 엔지니어링에서 test harness라는 개념은 1970년대부터 있었습니다. 프로그램을 다양한 조건에서 실행하고 동작을 모니터링하는 테스트 환경을 말했는데요. 그때는 별도의 하네스 엔지니어가 필요가 없었습니다. 왜냐면 전통적인 소프트웨어는 스tic 즉 예측이 가능한 성격을 가졌기 때문이죠. 같은 입력을 넣으면 항상 같은 결과가 나오니까 테스트가 단순했거든요. 그런데 LLM은 즉 AI는 다릅니다. 예측이 불가능하죠. 환각을 일으키고 컨텍스트를 잇고 자신감 넘치게 틀립니다. 그래서이 오래된 개념이 AI 시대에 완전히 새로운 의미를 갖게 된 겁니다. 한네스 엔지니어링의 핵심 철학을 하나 기억하세요. 이게 오늘 영상에서 가장 중요한 문장입니다. 에이전트가 규칙을 어겼을 때 더 잘해 봐라고 프럼트를 고치는게 아닙니다. 그 실패가 구조적으로 반복 불가능하도록 하스를 고치는 겁니다. 이게 무슨 뜻인지 제가 예를 한번 들어 보겠습니다. AI 에이전트가 프론트엔드 코드에서 데이터베이스를 직접 호출했다고 하겠습니다. 일반적인 반응은 프롬프트에 DB를 직접 호출하지 마라는 문장을 추가하는 겁니다. 근데 이러면 다음번에 또 실수합니다. 왜냐하면 프롬프트는 부탁이지 강제가 아니거든요. 하네스 엔지니어링은 다르게 접근합니다. 아키텍처 테스트를 추가합니다. 그래서 프론트엔드 폴더에서 DB를 임포트하려는 순간 그 빌드가 실패하도록 만들어 버리는 거죠. 시스템적으로 설계를 하는 겁니다. 이렇게 하면 그 AI가 아무리 시도해도 그 실수는 이제 구조적으로 불가능해졌습니다. 말이 울타리를 넘으려 할 때 넘지 마라고 소리 치는게 아니라 울타리를 더 튼튼하게 더 높게 더 강하게 만드는 것. 이게 바로 하네스의 철학입니다. 하네스 엔지니어링은 크게네 가지 요소로 구성되는데요. 첫 번째 기둥은 기계가 잃는 컨텍스트 파일을 뜻합니다. 즉 저희가 지금까지 공부를 했던 클.md, agagents.md 그리고 커서에는 커서즈라는 파일들이 있죠. 이것들은 사실 단순한 문서가 아닙니다. AI가 실행하는 런타임 설정 파일들이거든요. 사람이 읽는 위키나 노션 문서와는 사실 본질적으로 다릅니다.이 파일들은 코드 저장소 안에 있고 AI 에이전트가 작업을 시작할 때 가장 먼저 읽는 파일이기 때문이에요. 예를 들어서 워드.md에 이런 규칙을 넣는다고 가정해 보겠습니다. 새로운 라이브러리를 도입하지 마. 기존 API 패턴을 무조건 따라야 해. DB는 반드시 ORM 즉 데이터베이스와 코드 사이에 자동 번역기 그것을 통해서만 해야 해. AI 에이전트는이 규칙을 자신의 행동 제약으로 인식합니다. 매번 프롬프트에이 행동 제약을 저희가 반복할 필요가 없어진 겁니다. 한번 설정하면 모든 작업의 자동으로 적용되기 때문이죠. 하지만 규칙을 파일에 써 놓는 것만으로 충분하지 않습니다. AI는 규칙을 읽고도 어길 수 있기 때문이죠. 그래서 여기서 두 번째 기둥이 필요합니다. 코드의 린터나 즉 맞춤법 검사기 같은거나 구조적인 테스트, 커밋, 훅 이런 것들을 통해서 규칙을 시스템이 자동으로 강제하는 것인데요. DB 스키마를 함부로 바꾸지 말아 주세요라고 문서에 써 놓는 건 소용이 없습니다. AI는 문서를 읽어도 실수할 거기 때문이죠. 대신에 시스템 자체가 이것을 막아야 하는 겁니다. 구체적으로 보자면 린터 즉 코드에 맞춤법 검사기가 코드가 규칙을 어기면 자동으로 에러를 띄워 주는게 있고요. 또 구조적인 테스트를 저희가 애드할 수 있겠죠. 예를 들어서이 폴더의 코드는 저 폴더의 코드를 임포트할 수 없다. 같은 의존성 규칙을 테스트로 강제하는 겁니다. 세 번째로는 프리커밋 훅으로 코드를 저장하기 전에 자동 검사를 돌려 버리는 건데요. 요리사들이 칼꽂지에서 칼을 뺄 때 자동으로 소독하는 타이머가 시작되게 만드는 것처럼 규칙을 시스템에 내장하는 것이 핵심입니다. 그리고 여기서 하네스에 진짜 힘이 나옵니다. C가 실패하면 어떻게 될까요? 에이전트가 스스로 수정하기 시작합니다. 저희가 개입하지 않아도 돼요. 말이 곧비에 의해 방향이 틀어지면 말이 자연스럽게 올바른 방향으로 돌아오거든요. 그런 것과 같습니다. 린터가 빨간 불을 켜면 에이전트가 자동으로 코드를 돌리고 다시 시동합니다.이 자동 교정 루프가 하네스의 핵심 메커니즘인데요. 자동으로 맞고 자동으로 고친다. 강력하지 않나요? 그런데 한 가지 더 있습니다. 애초의 위험한 도구에 손도 목대게 하면 더 좋지 않을까요? AI 에이전트가 어떤 도구를 쓸 수 있고 어디까지 접근할 수 있는지를 저희가 명확하게 제한할 수 있습니다. 예를 들어서 파일 시스템에서 소스 소스 폴더는 읽기와 쓰기가 가능하다. 그러나 컨피그레이션 폴더는 읽기만 가능해라고 제약을 걸어 줄 수 있겠고요. API는 내부 API 호출은 가능하다. 그러나 외부 서비스 호출은 불가능하다. 이런 식으로 저희가 접근 제한을 걸어 줄 수 있습니다. 데이터베이스 같은 경우에는 솔렉트는 괜찮지만 드롭 테이블은 절대 불가능해라고 제약을 거려 주고 시스템적인 제약은 터미널 명령은 일정 와이트리스트한 명령만 가능하다라고 제한을 걸어 주는 거죠. 프롬프트로 절대 DB를 삭제하지 마라고 쓰는 것과 뭐가 다른지 이제 아시겠죠? 프트는 부탁이고 도구적인 경계는 물리적 차단입니다. 부탁은 어길 수 있지만 제약은 어길 수 없기 때문이죠. 여기까지가 저희가 어떻게 방어해야 되는지에 대해 다뤄봤는데요. 그런데 진짜 무서운 거는 이렇게 루프에 시간이 지나면서 코드 베이스에 나쁜 패턴이 쌓일 수밖에 없습니다. 그래서 저희는 마지막 기동이 필요합니다. AI가 만든 코드를 주기적으로 점검하고 품질이 떨어지는 부분을 자동으로 감지하고 정리하는 시스템입니다. 마틴 파울러는 이걸 가비지 컬렉션이라고 불렀습니다. 이게 왜 필요할까요? AI 에이전트는 기존 코드를 참고해서 세 코드를 짜는데 기존 코드에 나쁜 패턴이 있으면 그대로 따라합니다. 아 여기선 이렇게 하나 보다 하고 복재를 하는 건데요. 이러면 나쁜 패턴이 눈덩이처럼 불어납니다. 그래서 저희에게는 자동 청소 시스템이 필요합니다. 코딩 규칙 위반을 자동으로 감지하고 중복 코드 발견을 하고 리팩토링의 피얼까지 자동으로 생성하고 사용하지 온 코드 데드 코드를 자동으로 제거해 주고 아키텍처를 위반하는 것들 안티패 같은 것들을 주기적으로 체크하는 거죠. 그리고 여기서 핵심 포인트가 있는데요. 에이전트가 실수할 때마다 그 실수는 새로운 규칙이 됩니다. 린터의 규칙이 추가되고 테스트가 추가되고 제약이 추가됩니다. 하네스가 점점 더 정교해지는 건데요. 이게 바로 하네스 엔지니어링의 진화적인 특성입니다. 시간이 지날수록 시스템이 더더욱 견고해집니다. 말이 한 번 실수한 곳에는 울타리가 세워지고 두 번 다시 같은 실수를 할 수 없게 되는 거예요.이네 가지 기둥 실제 시스템에서 어떻게 만물려 돌아갈지 궁금하죠? 저희가 한번 큰 그림을 같이 봐 보겠습니다. 하네스 시스템은네 개의 부품으로 구성됩니다. 이게 하네스의 각 부분이라고 생각하시면 됩니다. 마구의 비율을 들자면 분류기라이라고 하는데요. 고비의 방향을 전환하는 거를 제한해 주는 겁니다. 예를 들어서 사용자의 요청이 들어오면 AI에게 바로 넘기지 않는 거죠. 먼저 두 가지 컨디션을 체크합니다. 이게 단순한 질문인지 아니면 실질적인 코드 작업인지를 판별을 하고요. 모호한 요청이라면 다시 물어보고 명확한 작업을 저 저희가 명시를 해서 줬다면 바로 하네스 루프로 보냅니다. 그래서 엉뚱한 방향으로 달려가는 걸 라우러 파일에서 출발 전에 막는 겁니다. 두 번째는 컨텍스트를 관리를 하는 건데요. 말에 비유하자면 가림막 역할을 하는 겁니다. 즉 AI에게 전체 코드를 다 보여 주지 않아요. 지금이 작업에 딱 필요한 파일과 규칙만 골라서 똑똑하게 제공을 해 주는 겁니다. 말한테이 밭 전체를 갈아줘라고 하는게 아니라 지금 갈아야 할 밭 즉 그 구역 그 섹션만 보여주는 것과 같습니다. 그렇게 컨텍스트 관리가 끝나면 이제 세 번째 단계인 실행 루프로 돌아가는데요. 이게 바로 하네스의 심장가도 같습니다. AI가 코드를 작성하면 자동으로 테스트를 돌리고 그 테스트가 통과한다면 완료. 그 테스트가 실패한다면 그 에러 메시지를 AI에게 다시 루브로 피드백 루브로 다시 던져서 수정하게 만듭니다. 테스트를 통과할 때까지이 셀프 실행 루프를 반복을 하는 겁니다. 즉 저희가 개입할 필요가 전혀 없습니다. 그리고 마지막으로 이제 워커에게 격리를 시켜서 역할을 분리를 시키는데요. 코드를 쓰는 AI와 코드를 검토하는 AI의 역할을 완전히 분리해야 됩니다. 그래서 같은 사람이 쓰고 그 똑같은 사람이 검토하면 실수를 못 잡는 거와 같은 원리인데요. AI도 코드를 쓰는 AI 그리고 코드를 검토하는 AI 확실히 역할을 나눠야지 품질이 올라갑니다.이 구조가 왜 강력한지 제가 한번 예를 들어 보겠습니다. AI에게 단순히 토스 API 결제를 연동해 줘라고만 하면 검증되지 않은 200줄짜리 코드를 뱉어낼 겁니다. 하지만 한스를 통하면 일단 라우터가 요청을 걸러낼 거고요. 두 번째로 컨텍스트 매니저가 토스 SDK 문서 같은 제약 사항을 제어 제공을 할 거고 마지막으로 이제가 코드를 생성하고 그 루프가 테스트를 돌려서 검증하고 그렇게 작업을 수행을 할 겁니다. 사용자가 결과를 보기도 전에 AI가 스스로 자신의 오류를 수정하는 구조입니다. 방금 저희는 아주 큰 그림만 다뤄봤는데요.이 이 흐름을 코드 레벨에서 혹시나 더 자세히 보고 싶은 분이 있을 것 같아서 제가 영상 설명란에 노션 링크에 수도 코드를 작성을 해 놨습니다. 그 수도 코드를 보시고 싶은 분은 노션에서 확인하시는 거를 추천드립니다. 자, 그럼 이론는 알겠는데 이제 이거를 진짜로 해낸 팀의 이야기를 한번 제가 해 보겠습니다. 코드를 한 줄도 안 쓰고 제품을 배포한 오픈 AI 팀. 그리고 앤트로픽. 요즘 그런 팀들이 하네스 엔지니어링을 이용해서 사람이 간섭하지 않고 AI가 코드를 AI가 소프트웨어를 생성하는 것을 많이 보여줬습니다. 2026년 2월에 오픈 AI는 세 명 엔지니어가 AI 에이전트만으로 대규모 소프트웨어 제품을 만든 사례를 공식 블로그에 발표했습니다. 직접 코드를 한 줄로 쓰지 않았다고 해요. 이게 가능했던 이유가 뭘까요? AI 에이전트가 강해서 물론 GPT 모델은 강력하지만 결국이 핵심은 하네스 엔지니어링에 있었습니다. 세 명의 엔지니어가 실제로 한 일을 하네스의 관점에서 한번 분석을 해 봤는데요.네 가지 분석이 있었습니다. 먼저 컨텍스트 파일 agents.md라는 것을 작성을 해서 AI에게 줄 지침서를 미리 설계를 했습니다. 그리고 CicD 게이트를 만들어서 린트 그리고 테스트 그리고 훅으로 자동으로 검증하는 파이프라인을 미리 구축을 해 놨습니다. 그리고 세 번째 도구의 경계를 둬서 AI 에이전트의 접근 범위나 권한 같은 걸 미리 설정을 했고요. 마지막으로이 모든 것을 피드백 루프를 통해서 AI가 직접 코딩을 하고 그 결과를 리뷰하고 그리고 규칙을 계속 보강하는 형태로 돌아가게 만들었습니다. 결국이 사람들이 코드를 쓴게 아니라 이스이 시스템을 만든 겁니다. 이스가 AI 에이전트를 일관된 코드로 만들어내는 그런 밭을 가는 말로 바꿔 놓은 겁니다.이 이 가정에서 나온 유명한 말이 있는데요. 인간은 조종한다. 그리고 에이전트는 실행한다. 여기서 조종이 바로 harness입니다. 곱비를 잡고 방향을 정하고 울타리를 세우는게 바로 저희가 조종하는 방법 즉 harness스 엔지니어링입니다. 하네스 엔지니어링을 제가 한 문장으로 요약해 보겠습니다. 프로젝트 전체를 AI가 실수할 수 없는 환경으로 만드는 것. 즉 비유하자면 이렇습니다. 공장에는 안전 시스템이 있잖아요. 안전물을 안 쓰면 출입문이 안 열리고 기계에 손이 들어가려고 하면 자동으로 멈추는 것처럼 규칙이 사람의 판단에 의존하는게 아니라 시스템에 내장되어서 자동으로 강제되는 것입니다. 한네스 엔지니어링은 프로젝트 자체를 그런 자동 안전 시스템으로 만드는 거죠. 규칙이 문서에 적혀 있는 것이 아니라 어기면 시스템이 즉시 막아 버리는 것처럼 되는 겁니다. 자, 그럼 하네스를 만들었으면 이제 저희가 에이전틱 엔지니어링 얘기를 짧게 해 보겠습니다. 에이전틱 엔지니어링은 말 자체를 훈련하는 기술과 비슷한데요. 추론 루프를 설정을 하고 멀티에 조율를 하고 도구를 사용하는 방법을 가르치는 겁니다. AI가 실행하고 인간이 설계하고 검증하고 책임지는 규율 있는 협업 방식을 에틱 엔지니어링이라고 정의합니다. 그러면 하네스와 어떤 관계가 있는지 바로 보여 드리겠습니다. 즉 말과 마구가 따로 존재할 수 없는 것처럼 아무리 잘 훈련된 말이라도 마구 없이는 밭을 갈 수 없고 아무리 정교한 마구라도 말이 없으면 수련은 움직이지 않습니다. 에이전틱 엔지니어링 즉 마리 훈련과 하네스 엔지니어링 즉 마구를 제작하는 것, 시스템을 설계하는 것이 둘이 합쳐져야지 비로소 밭이 갈립니다. 에이전틱 엔지니어링을 좀 더 깊이 알고 싶으시면이 에이전틱 엔지니어링을 다룬 영상에서 한번 보실 수 있으니까 링크는 저 위에 걸어 놓겠습니다. 자, 거의 다 왔습니다. 마지막으로 가장 중요한 질문에 한번 답해 보겠습니다.이 변화 속에서 우리의 역할은 어떻게 달라질까요? 오늘 다른네 가지 축에서 저의 역할이 어떻게 지나는지 한번 정리를 간단하게 해 봤는데요. AI의 의도를 정확히 전달하는 사람이 저희가 됐었어야 했죠. 그런데 점점 점점 이제 AI가 참조할 지식의 체계를 설계하는 즉 컨텍스트 엔지니어링이 있었고요. 이제는 AI가 실수할 수 없는 환경을 만드는 그 시스템을 설계하는 그런 harness 엔지니어가 필요한 시대가 왔습니다. AI가 나오면서 코딩 능력이 필요 없어지는게 아닌가라는 사람들이 많은데요. 저는 오히려 그 반대라고 생각합니다. 더 높은 차원의 능력이 요구되는 것을 볼 수 있어요. 코드 한 줄 쓰는 능력에서 시스템 전체를 설계하고 AI가 일할 환경을 만들고 최종 책임을지는 역할로 상향 이동하고 있는 걸 볼 수 있습니다. 비개발자에게도 같은 맥락입니다. AI를 효과적으로 쓰려면 자기 분야의 전문성이 더욱더욱 중요해질 겁니다. 왜냐하면 AI는 도구일 뿐이니까요. 판단과 책임은 저희 사람의 몫입니다. 그래서 저는 한네스 엔지니어링 너무 어렵게 생각하지 말라고 말씀드리고 싶습니다. 지금까지 저희가 해온 엔지니어링은 에이전트에게 어떻게 더 많은 힘과 능력을 줄 것인가, 즉 컨텍스트, 스퀘어, MCP, 푸어겐 이런 데에 집중을 했습니다. 한네스는 조금 다른데요. 이제 그 강력한 에이전트를 어떻게 통제하고 컨트롤해서 우리가 원하는 것을 이루어내게 할 것인가에 달려 있습니다. 매번 이건 틀렸어. 저기로 가야 해라고 고쳐 줄 필요가 없습니다. 규칙과 제한을 둬서 애초에 잘못된 방향으로 가지 않게 만드는게 훨씬 효율적이기 때문이죠. 그리고 만약 그 방향으로 가게 되더라도 같은 실수가 반복되지 않게 만드는 것이 우리의 간섭이 필요 없는 시스템을 만드는 것이 엔지니어링의 핵심입니다. 오늘 하나만 기억하세요. AI 에이전트가 실수했을 때 프롬트를 고치지 마세요. 파네스를 고치십시오. 그 실패가 구조적으로 반복이 불가능하도록 시스템을 바꿔야 합니다. 그게 하네스 엔지니어링입니다. 인간은 조종한다. 그리고 에이전트는 실행한다라는 오픈 AI의 말이 있습니다. 개발자든 비개발자든 AI 시대에 우리의 역할은 축소되는게 아닙니다. 상향 이동되는 겁니다. 즉 직접 공을 차는 선수에서 전술를 짜고 팀을 운영하는 감독으로 한 단계 올라가는 겁니다. 여러분의 프로젝트에 harness가 있나요? 클로드닷 md든 프리커밋 후기든 아키텍처든 테스트든 어떤 형태로든 AI를 통제하는 시스템이 있으시다면 댓글로 한번 알려 주세요. 제가 추후 영상에서는 하네스를 실제로 구축하는 실전 가이드를 한번 달아보도록 하겠습니다. 오늘 영상이 도움이 되셨다면 구독, 좋아요, 알림 설정 부탁드립니다. 여러분, 오늘도 모두 수고하셨습니다. 다음에 뵙겠습니다. 감사합니다.